SITE TOOLS Help Contact ESPN.com Insider Services Tools Site Map SPORT SECTIONS Wednesday , August 18 Updated : July 16 , 5 : 09 PM ET GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM PRIVACY and SAFETY POLICY THE INTERNET , PRIVACY , GO NETWORK AND ESPN.COM The Internet contains a wealth of information , unfortunately , it may also contain personal details about you that you do n't want everyone to know . For example , your real name ( lots of people on the Internet use aliases , alter egos or nicknames ) , street address , phone number , or e-mail address . When you go online , sites you visit may be gathering information about you without your knowledge . At GO Network and ESPN.com we strive to help our customers protect their privacy while using our services . TRUSTE LICENSEE GO Network and ESPN.com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program . This statement discloses the privacy practices for the GO Network and ESPN.com . When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of : What personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; What organization is collecting the information ; How the information is used ; With whom the information may be shared ; What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information . Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Member Services by email at comments @ help.go.com , by phone at ( 408 ) 543-6770 , or by postal mail at : GO Network and ESPN.com Member Services ATTN : Privacy Policy Coordinator 1399 Moffett Park Drive , Sunnyvale , CA 94089 . If the Web site has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please contact TRUSTe ( http : //www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html )  GO Network and ESPN.com 's policy is to respect and protect the privacy of our users . This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it . Using the Internet should be a fun experience and we want to help you make it so . The information you provide for your personal GO Network and ESPN.com account is shared among the GO Network and ESPN.com sites as it is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable . To facilitate global registration , your personal information is shared among the GO Network sites as it is our goal to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable . However , be assured that GO Network and ESPN.com will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent . GO Network and ESPN.com may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) GO Network and ESPN.com 's rights or property , other GO Network and ESPN.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities . GO Network and ESPN.com may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it . GO Network and ESPN.com share aggregate information about our users with advertisers , business partners , sponsors and other third parties . For example , we will say GO Network and ESPN.com 's audience is x percent females and y percent males . This data is used to customize GO Network and ESPN.com content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our users . There are cases where GO Network and ESPN.com may ask you for personal information such as your name , email address , and birth date . For example , we request personal information when you register for a GO Network and ESPN.com account , for online shopping or transactions , or for services that require registration or subscription ( for example fantasy sports ) . GO Network and ESPN.com need to collect this information for fulfilling prizes , tracking/verifying compliance with GO Network and ESPN.com policies as well as federal , state and local laws and/or for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes . In case you change your mind or some personal information may change ( such as your zip code ) , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove the personal data you give us . You can do this at the member information page or by contacting our Customer Support organization at comments @ help.go.com Information provided at the time of Registration or submission from a guest who is 13 years of age or over may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by GO Network and ESPN.com and our affiliates or companies that have been prescreened by GO Network and ESPN.com . To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications directed to you , we allow you to opt-out of the following services : sharing your information in our member directory , receiving communications from GO Network and ESPN.com about new features or services , and receiving communications about offers from third-party companies that offer a product or service that we think would be of value to you . If a guest objects to such use for any reason , he/she may stop that use -- either by e-mail request to comments @ help.go.com or by modifying his/her member information online . Information provided when purchasing products from any of our online stores may be used for marketing and promotional purposes and is subject to the opt-out processes described on , or linked to , each order form . GO Network and ESPN.com encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered on the sites . No information should be submitted to or posted at GO Network and ESPN.com by guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian . Unless otherwise disclosed during collection , GO Network and ESPN.com do not provide any personally identifying information , regardless of its source , to any third party for any purpose whatsoever from our guests under 13 years of age . All registrants receive an e-mail confirming their Registration . In addition , when a guest under 13 registers , he/she is required to provide the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian and tha this/her parent or guardian receives an e-mail alerting them to that Registration . The parent or guardian must validate the account , as described in the e-mail , in order for the potential member to use most GO Network and ESPN.com interactive services . No information collected from guests under 13 years of age is used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever , either inside or outside GO Network and ESPN.com except as explicitly stated during registration for contests or promotions ( and in that case , the information collected is used only for the specific contest or promotion ) . Although guests under 13 years of age are may be allowed to participate in some contests and promotions , if such a guest wins , notification and prizes are sent to the parents or guardians identified in the initial registration process . Publication of contest winners names , ages , or images for individuals under 13 require parental or guardian consent . We do not allow guests under 13 years of age to be listed in our member directory or to receive direct marketing communications from GO Network and ESPN.com or to be sent our third-party offers . Teens are required to provide the e-mail address of a parent or guardian and a A notification message is sent to the parent or guardian of all guests who are 13 to 17 years of age which identifies the information supplied at registration and allows the parent or guardian to be aware of and participate in the guest 's members online experience . An IP address is a number that 's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web . Web servers -- the big computers that " serve up " Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address . GO Network and ESPN.com collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration , to report aggregate information to our advertisers , and to audit the use of our site . When guests request pages from GO Network and ESPN.com sites , our servers log the guests ' IP addresses . We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable , which means that a user 's session will be logged , but the user remains anonymous to us . We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our house rules or terms of service or to protect our service , site , customers or others . Some services within GO Network and ESPN.com , such as certain message boards , may display IP addresses along with the message poster 's name and message . Please review each service prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable with sharing . Use of Cookies What are cookies ? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes . Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you 're at our site . We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies . The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you 'll find them at most major Web sites . By showing how and when guests use a site , cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not . Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed . This information is most easily tracked with cookies . We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our users needs . GO Network and ESPN.com have two primary uses for its cookies . First , we use them to specify unique preferences . For example , in GO Network and ESPN.com 's News Center , users can specify keywords across several news categories . This way you do n't have to tell us over and over again about the kinds of news stories you want to see . Secondly , we use cookies to track user trends and patterns . This helps us better understand and improve areas of the GO Network and ESPN.com service that our users find valuable . While both of these activities depend on the use of a " cookie , " visitors to GO Network and ESPN.com always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences . Information from cookies is sometimes attached to messages sent to our Customer Service department Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , note that some parts of the GO Network and ESPN.com service will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies . For example , without cookies , you will not be able to set personalized news preferences or you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions , entering contests , or playing games . You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers . GO Network and ESPN.com do not control these cookies . The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry . Links to other sites Users should be aware that when you are on GO Network and ESPN.com , you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control . There are links to other sites from GO Network and ESPN.com pages that take you outside our service . For example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement or an GO Network or ESPN.com search result , the " click " takes you off the GO Network or ESPN.com site . This includes links from advertisers , Center sponsors and partners that may use GO Network or ESPN.com 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement . These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data or solicit personal information . Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online --- for example , via message boards or chat --- that information can be collected and used by people you do n't know . While GO Network and ESPN.com strive to protect its user 's personal information and privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk . GO Network and ESPN.com 's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet , and therefore beyond GO Network and ESPN.com 's control , and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation . The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us . We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , GO Network and ESPN.com ca n't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services , and you do so at your own risk . Once we receive your transmission , we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems . When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard , SSL ( secure socket layer ) encryption . Your GO Network and ESPN.com Account is password protected so that only you can access it and view the member information relevant to the account . We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone . GO Network and ESPN.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email . Ultimately , you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information . Remember to sign out of your GO Network or ESPN.com account and close your browser window when you have finished your work . This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if your computer is accessible to others or if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or internet caf . By using this site , you signify your assent to the GO Network and ESPN.com Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to this policy , please do not use our sites . Your continued use of the GO Network and ESPN.com sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes . If you have questions or concerns regarding this Web site 's privacy statement , you should first contact the company at comments @ go.com If you do not receive acknowledgment of if your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe ( http : //www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html ) . Last Updated 9/9/99 1999 ESPN . All rights reserved . GO NETWORK and ESPN.COM PRIVACY POLICY AND INTERNET SAFETY INFORMATION GO Network and ESPN.com are committed to providing the best online family entertainment within a trusted environment . Privacy and safety issues are important to us , and to that end we 're pleased to offer a variety of links to Internet resources . The five links below should help make Internet surfing a fun and enjoyable experience for your entire family . Internet Safety Tips Tools for Families Reporting Trouble Online Guide to Good Content for Kids Get NetWise SAFETY TIPS This is a great place for both new and advanced Web users to find information on using the Internet wisely . Go Network 's Internet Safety Tips Keep your passwords private , even from your best friend ! Your online service will never ask for them , so neither should anyone else . Use only your member name and/or e-mail address when chatting or sending e-mail . Never give out personal information like your name , address , or phone number . Always delete unknown e-mail attachments before opening them . They can contain destructive viruses . Remember that nothing you write on the Web is completely private - including e-mail . So be careful and think about what you type and who you tell . Not everyone is as nice , cute and funny as they may sound online . Never make plans to meet an online " friend " in person . More Safety Information from GO Network Cybernetiquette Comix - an entertaining , interactive way for families to learn valuable lessons about online safety . Join classic Disney characters for adventure , fun , and online awareness tips . Disney 's Doug - Safety Tips from " Doug 's Adventures Online " Test Your Internet Smarts - How much do you know about Internet safety ? More Top 10 Netiquette Tips - An overview of good manners on the Internet . " Safe and Sound " - An internet safety article from Family.com . Safe Surfing for Kids - An internet safety article from FamilyPC Magazine . TOOLS FOR FAMILIES A number of tools exist to help parents manage their children 's online experience , including hardware and software programs that provide filtering options . Below are links that contain useful information on choices and levels of filtering that parents can use during family time on the Web . You can download special software or purchase specific hardware that will limit surfing to sites you deem appropriate for your household . Many of these services are free of charge ; others require some form of payment . Links to Filtering Software GO.com | Internet Content Filters page SurfWatch Cyberpatrol EdView Anti-Defamation League Hate Filter Guardianet Bess Net Nanny X-Stop SOS KidProof Links to Articles and Other Resources JumpStart for Parents - Resource list of links for parents regarding child safety , filtering software , parenting organizations , and more . Filtering Facts Website - An online source for information on making Internet access in libraries safe for children and communities . REPORTING TROUBLE ONLINE This section offers links to a variety of local and national authorities and organizations that can assist you with specific online and safety concerns , including links to local police and the FBI . National Center for Missing and Exploited Children - Information on Missing Children CyberTipline - Hotline if you have information on a missing child . National Missing Persons Helpline - Support organization for those searching for missing family or friends . APB Missing - Information on Missing Persons Suicide Crisis Center - Suicide Prevention Information Officer.com - Directory of Law Enforcement Agencies in the U.S. and around the World . FBI Kids and Youth Educational Page - Crime Prevention U.S. Department of Justice Online - Information on the U.S. Dept. of Justice U.S. Department of Justice - Justice for Kids and Youth U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) - Information on the ATF GUIDE TO GOOD CONTENT FOR KIDS The Internet offers thousands of great Web sites and services for kids and families , but trying to figure out which sites are appropriate for different members of your family can be challenging . This section provides a snapshot of kid-friendly sites designed to educate , guide and inform kids in all age groups . Search and Directory for Kids GO Kids - One-stop shop for tons of great kids links GO Kids | Surf the Web - Super-special search resource for cartoons , homework and games Go Kids | Learn the Web - Web-education links from A to Z CyberPatrol 's Route 6-16 - Guide to the Web for kids , parents and teachers Fun and Activities Family.com - The number one site for family fun and activities The Cartoon Network - Online home to some of your favorite cartoon characters Curiocity 's FreeZone - Online community for kids Dr. Seuss 's Seussville - Not just green eggs and ham ! Lego Worlds - Online building blocks Bonus.com - Supersite for kids with fun , free activities CTW Family Workshop - Home of Sesame Street Ty - The Official Home of Beanie Babies The Wild World of Wonka - The official Web site of the Willy Wonka Candy Factory . Fun with Fruits and Vegetables Kids Cookbook - Safe , healthy fun for the kitchen Burger Town on KidsCom - Activities and recipes just for kids Cyberkids - Games , activities and community just for kids Learning on the Web Exploratorium - The museum of science , art and human perception Zoo Web - Your online link to zoos and aquariums around the world Smithsonian Institution - Online home of America 's most amazing museums and artifacts PBS Kids ! - Public television 's online destination for kids HaringKids - Official Keith Haring Web site for children under 14 Children 's Literature Web Guide - Great resource for books and learning FunBrain.com - Educational online games for Kids SeaWorld/Busch Gardens Animal Information Database - Shamu and friends on the Web NASA Web - National Aeronautics and Space Administration home page TIME Magazine for Kids - Current news and views just for kids National Geographic for Kids - Links to amazing cultures and people around the world The White House for Kids - Socks and Buddy give a full White House tour for kids Internet Public Library Youth Section - Super kid-friendly library links WhaleNet - An interactive education program - monitor whales , dolphins and others via satellite ! Other Resources SafeKids.Com - Tips , links , and suggestions for your family 's online experience Kid 's Domain - Shareware and freeware for kids recommended by parents and teachers KIDSNET - Media guide for children 's TV and Internet programming KidsBank.com - A fun place for kids to learn about banking . GET NETWISE GetNetWise is an online resource for families that , with the click of a mouse , will deliver information and tools needed to guide children to a safe , enriching experience online . Functioning as an interactive directory , GetNetWise contains aggregated and syndicated content that can be found by clicking on the blue-and-white GetNetWise logo below . It is the result of a broad industry effort to create an online environment where families feel empowered with the tools and information they need to safeguard children while providing access to an unprecedented wealth of global resources , information and contacts available on the Internet . 
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information . How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage . In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page . Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union . To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page . Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets . When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer . Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request . Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission . Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo . Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 . See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information . Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area . Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) . Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business . For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links . Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer . Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies . Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services . Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time . New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time . Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page . Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Return to top We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . Return to top If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo ! Inc . Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 ) 349-5070 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance . Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 
This policy tells you how ESPN ( EUROPE , MIDDLE EAST , AFRICA ) LTD ( " ESPN " ) of 3 Queen Caroline Street , London , England with company registration number 06565173 collects information from you , how we protect it and how we use it , and covers all personal information which you provide when you use any of our ESPN sites ( the " Sites " ) , unless otherwise specified on the relevant Site where a different privacy policy will be displayed This Privacy Policy explains the choices you can make about how the information is collected and used . By using the Sites or by clicking the " Register " or " Submit " button or other relevant button during your initial registration with the relevant Site , you signify your consent that we store and process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We will collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways including when you register on the Sites , use other ESPN services , enter competitions or prize draws , navigate around our Sites or respond to communications from us . This information may be used for marketing ( where you have agreed to this ) and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , to provide , optimise and personalise our services and to send you newsletters and information ( where you have agreed to this ) . We may use information about you to create a picture of your interests . This will allow us to understand our customers and visitors better , so we can make our services and marketing more relevant . Information that we use in this way may include :  ( i ) information about your use of this and other ESPN Sites ;  ( ii ) household classification data , ( iii ) your responses to communications from us ;  ( iv ) your interaction with other parts of the ESPN Group ;  ( v ) information you provide when you register on a Site ;  ( vi ) customer surveys ;  ( vii ) information provided by other companies , where you gave them permission to share this information . We may use a variety of technical methods such as cookies and web beacons to collate this information ( see the section below on " Use of Cookies " for further information ) . In line with any permissions you give us , we may send you direct marketing about our own , or carefully selected third parties ' goods and services and disclose your information to other organisations who may send direct marketing to you . You can change your marketing preferences if you are registered with us . Details on how to do this are set out below under " Our Registration Policy " . In addition , you can unsubscribe from email communications via unsubscribe links provided in communications sent to you . We may share your information with other members of the ESPN or Walt Disney Group worldwide . As used in this Privacy Policy the ESPN Group includes ESPN Inc and The Walt Disney Company Limited and all of its subsidiary and affiliated entities , including companies such as those branded under Buena Vista , ABC and Disney labels that generally do not offer their products and services under the " ESPN " brand name , as well as companies that generally do offer their products and services under the " ESPN " brand name . In this Privacy Policy " we " , " us " , " our " and " ourselves " means any member of this Group . Wherever your information is processed by us , we will ensure that it is protected appropriately . We will only pass on your information to third parties in the following situations : if this was clearly stated at the time of collection or registration and , where required , if you have given permission for this ; If we employ another organisation to perform tasks on our behalf - such as delivering goods to you . In this case , the organisations may only use your information to fulfil this specific task ; If we sell the business of some of the ESPN group of companies to another organisation or merge with other businesses . In this case , the buyer will only be able to use your information as set out in this Privacy Policy ; If we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary for legal proceedings . We may also disclose information when we believe in good faith that applicable law or regulation requires it or to protect the safety or security of users of our Sites ; and If we use third party processors to administer and process your personal information for the purposes notified in the Privacy Policy , e.g. for hosting activities related to the use of our Sites or services . We may also share details with third parties ( such as auditors or legal advisors ) to obtain advice . Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by law , preserving any statutory data protection rights . As the ESPN Group operates globally , it may be necessary to transfer your information internationally to recipients located outside the United Kingdom and European Union either within the ESPN Group or to third party service providers . Please be assured that we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected . In this regard , we may transfer data to Group companies in the United States . These companies will adhere to this Privacy Policy and to the " Safe Harbour Principles " officially declared by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection as compared to the data protection laws of European Union countries . You can ask us to modify or remove your personal information from any or all of our mailing lists at any time or cancel your registration by clicking on the " Register " link or any other link we may provide for you . We will use our reasonable endeavours to remove your name from the related mailing list within 10 working days of your request . We collect information through technology to make our Sites and other content or services which we make available to you more interesting and useful to you . For instance , when you come to one of our Sites via your computer or other media device , we may place cookies and web beacons on our Sites which may be used to collect information about the sections you visit , the products you are interested in and the frequency with which you visit various parts of our Sites . You agree that we collect your IP address or other unique identifier . At times , we also use these identifiers to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our Sites . We may combine your IP address with other personally identifiable information for marketing and for market research purposes , including internal demographic studies , so we can optimize our products and services and customize the Sites for you . Our Sites use a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including cookies and web beacons . Cookies are pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer or other media device while you are viewing or interacting with the Site . We use cookies for a variety of purposes including tracking usage on our Sites in order to- enhance our guests ' experience on our Sites and to learn more about your preferences and interests . For instance , when you return to one of our Sites after logging in via your computer , cookies provide information to the Site so that the Site will remember who you are ( " visitor session information " ) . You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent , or you can choose to turn off all cookies . Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Sites . We also use these technical methods to analyse the traffic patterns on our Sites , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites . We may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through cookies , web beacons and other technical methods with personally identifiable information in order to understand and improve your online experiences and to determine what products , promotions and services you prefer or are likely to be of interest to you . We also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send our guests for a number of purposes including : to determine whether our guests have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails ; to customise the display of the banner advertisements and other messages after a guest has closed an email ; and to determine whether a guest has made an enquiry or purchase in response to a particular email . Cookies , web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorised by us to collect information on our behalf . The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that identifies you personally . You may get cookies from our advertisers . We do not control these cookies , and once you have clicked on the advertisement and left our Sites our Privacy Policy no longer applies . You should be aware that when you are on our Sites you could be directed to other sites where the personal information collected is outside of our control . The privacy policy of the new site will govern the information obtained from you on that site . We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the latest version on this and all our other Sites . If we ever wish to use your personal information in a way which is incompatible with the information in this Privacy Policy , we will only do so with your consent . If you have queries about our use of personal information , you can write to us at Legal Department , ESPN ( Europe , Middle East , Africa ) Ltd , 3 Queen Caroline Street , Hammersmith , London W6 9PE United Kingdom . 
NFL.com Privacy Policy Effective Date : August 16 , 2001 Updated : September 3 , 2013 TRUSTe European Safe Harbor certification This privacy policy ( the " Privacy Policy " ) applies to this website ( the " Website " ) . The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect , how we may collect it , with whom we may share it , and certain other matters related to such information , including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you . The Website is operated by NFL Enterprises LLC on behalf of the National Football League and the other members of the NFL Family ( as described in Section 4 below ) ( " we " , " our " , or " us " ) . We have contracted with third parties , including , without limitation , NeuLion , Inc. , to operate certain aspects of the Site on our behalf , such as the following subscription products : Audio Pass , Game Pass , Game Rewind and Red Zone ( collectively , the " Subscription Products " ) . We own the information collected via the Website and we may use it for our own purposes , including marketing . Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected on the NFL.com website ; it does not apply to any other information collected or obtained through other means or information collected by the thirty-two individual NFL member clubs ( the " Member Clubs " ) . NFL Enterprises LLC has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at NFLPrivacy @ nfl.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe at http : //watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php ?page=complaint . NFL Enterprises LLC complies with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . NFL Enterprises LLC adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view NFL Enterprises LLC 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . When this Privacy Policy uses the term " personally identifiable information " or " personal information , " we mean information that identifies a particular individual , such as your full name , street address or email address . When other information , such as a favorite team or player , is associated with personal information , it also becomes personally identifiable information for the purposes of this privacy policy . Types Of Information That May Be Collected How Information May Be Collected How We Use The Information Collected With Whom The Information May Be Shared Links To Other Websites Security Data Retention Chat Rooms , Forums , and Message Boards A Special Note For Parents Concerning Privacy Your Acceptance Of The Privacy Policy And Notification Of Changes To The Privacy Policy Correcting/updating personal information Your California Privacy Rights Questions About This Privacy Policy The following are the types of information we may collect : Information You Provide Us In the course of using the Website , we may ask you to provide us with certain information , including contact information , such as your name , mailing address , email address , phone number , or fax number ; unique identifiers , such as your user ID , or user password ; demographic information , such as your date of birth or age ; and financial information , such as your credit card number or similar information . Website Usage Information We may receive and store certain types of internet usage information whenever you visit the Website , such as your click-stream data and your IP address . See " IP Addresses and Click Stream Data " section below . Email Communications When you open emails from us , we may receive a confirmation notifying us that you opened the email , if your computer supports such capabilities . We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from our subsidiaries and affiliates . Additionally , we keep a record of what communications you have selected to receive or not to receive . If you would like to opt-out of receiving such emails , please click on the " unsubscribe " link in the email and follow the instructions . Information from Other Sources We may receive information about you ( e.g. , missing street number ) from other sources and add it to your personal information . We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Website , including but not limited to those described below : Registration You may be asked to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information ; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Website may choose to offer , such as newsletters or contests . Your decision to register is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to us and what communications you would like to receive ; however , please be advised that many products and services available on the Website require registration and if you elect not to provide such information , you will not be able to take advantage of those products and services . Contests or Sweepstakes We periodically operate contests and sweepstakes through the Website that will require registration or the submission of personal information . Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification , prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes ( see the rules of each contest for details about how your personal information will be used , including postings to the Website ) . Surveys or Voting From time-to-time we may request personally identifiable information from you in conjunction with a survey or voting poll . Participation is voluntary , and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information to the Website . At times , you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey . Games When you register to play games on our Website , you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information . Cookies As with many websites , the Website uses a technology called " cookies. "  A cookie is a collection of information that gets stored on the hard drive of your computer when browsing the Internet . These small bits of code automatically identify your browser to the Website whenever your computer is used to visit the Website . Cookies also let us know how many people visit the Website and where visitors go on the Website . In addition , cookies can let us know non-personally identifiable information , like how many times a user has been on certain pages . For registered users , cookies can make using the Website easier for you by saving information such as your passwords or preferences . By tracking how and when you use the Website , cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not . Many improvements and updates to the Website are based on data obtained from cookies . Accepting cookies allows you , among other things , to personalize your experience on the Website . Cookies may also allow the Website to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you . If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , your browser should contain an option that allows you to disable or delete cookie data at any time . Some areas of the Website , however , may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies . Flash LSOs We use local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies , to store your preferences such as volume control or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit . Third Parties , with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity , use Flash cookies to collect and store information . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of , type of , and how data is stored . Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies please visit http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html# 117118 . Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technology The Website uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes , including Web beacons . Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites . We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on the Website , such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of the Website . These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf . We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send to determine whether the recipients have opened those emails and/or clicked on links in those emails . The information from use of these technical methods may be collected in a form that is personally identifiable . IP Addresses and Click-Stream Data We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data . An IP address is a number associated with the service through which you access the Internet , like your ISP ( Internet service provider ) , your company , or your university . Standing alone , your IP address is not personally identifiable . At times , we also use IP addresses for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors , for example regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of the Website . We may combine this information with personally identifiable information we obtain from you directly on the Website or any other of our other websites , or from third parties . Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request pages from the Website . Click-stream data may include such information as the page served , the time , the source of the request , the type of browser making the request , the preceding page view and other such non-personal information . When analyzed , this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Website , what type of content is most popular , what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising , and the like . Transaction Information If you conduct a financial or other transaction with the Website , such as subscribe to a Subscription Product or other products/services offered on the Website , we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you , including contact information , demographic information and/or financial information . In some instances , we may direct you to a third party vendor site to collect this information from you directly . Even though the collection form may have the look and feel of NFL.com , please be aware you will be giving your information directly to the third party vendor , and that in some instances such third party vendor 's privacy policy will govern the collection of your personal information . Please reference the privacy policies available from these pages for any privacy related concerns . We and/or our vendor will use this information to complete the financial or other transaction that you have requested , i.e. to deliver the information , products or other services that you request or purchase , to invoice you , and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy . For your protection , financial information is collected and stored through encrypted means . We own the information collected on or through the Website . As applicable , the information you provide to us may be used to :  contact you about the Website ; provide you with services or information you have requested or products or services you have ordered , such as subscription plans or other products and services contact you relating to your membership status ; confirm or fulfill an order you have made ; inform you of a prize you may have won ; monitor or improve the use of the Website ; customize the advertising and content you see ; monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Website ; and send you promotional material or special offers on our behalf or on behalf of our marketing partners and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties . At times , as described below , we may share your personal information with others for various purposes : Agents : We employ other businesses ( e.g. , NeuLion , Inc. ) , certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include fulfilling orders , providing the Subscription Products , sending email , removing repetitive information from customer lists , Website analysis , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service . They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions , but may not use or disclose it for other purposes , like sending you marketing offers about their products . Aggregate Information : We may share aggregate information , such as demographics and Website usage statistics , with advertisers , sponsors or other organizations . When this type of information is shared , the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information . Option to Receive Third Party Offers : Throughout the Website you may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers sent from third party ( s ) . Such opportunities will give you the choice to share your personally identifiable information with such third party ( s ) as necessary to receive such information or marketing offers . If you do not elect to have your personally identifiable information shared , your personally identifiable information will not be shared with such third party ( s ) . If you do choose to have your personally identifiable information shared , your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) solely for the purpose of permitting such third party ( s ) to provide you with such information and marketing offers . Such third party ( s ) is/are not authorized by us to disclose your personally identifiable information to any other third parties . Please be advised that if you elect to provide your personally identifiable information in response to such third party ( s ) marketing offers or otherwise , all information you disclose to such third party ( s ) will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) . We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information to such third party ( s ) . Products or Services Offered in Partnership with Third-Party ( s ) : Certain products and/or services available on the Website are provided to you in partnership with third party ( s ) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services . Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration . If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party ( s ) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party ( s ) . We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) and , therefore , you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party ( s ) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services . Subsidiaries and Affiliates : We may share your information ( including , without limitation , personally identifiable information ) with all members of the NFL Family , including , without limitation , our subsidiaries and affiliates ( e.g. , NFL Properties LLC , NFL International LLC , NFL Enterprises LLC , NFL Ventures , L.P. , and NFL Ventures , Inc. ) , and any of the Member Clubs ( each of whom has its own privacy policy , which is available on each Member Club 's respective website ) . Third-Party Ad Serving and Audience and Traffic Measurement Services : We may use a third-party network advertiser to serve the advertisements on the Website or may use a traffic measurement service to analyze the traffic on the Website . Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to this Website and other websites you have visited . Third-party ad serving enables us to target advertisements to you for products or websites you might be interested in . Audience and Traffic Measurement Services allow us to collect anonymous traffic and behavior information from the Website by monitoring anonymous visitor activity . Although advertisers or other companies do not have access to the Website cookies , the Website 's advertisers , sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own cookies on your computer if you choose to have your cookies enabled in your browser . Cookies allow third-party advertisers to show you advertisements or content you might be interested in . Note that any images ( or any other parts of a web page ) served by third parties in association with third-party cookies may serve as web beacons , which enable third parties to carry out the previously described activities . Other companies ' uses of their cookies are subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp in order to learn more about the information collection practices and " opt-out " procedures of third-party ad servers we may use . Business Transfers : In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party , or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred , all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer . You will be notified of such a transfer in accordance with the " Changes to the Policy " section below . E-mail Deployment : We may share email activity data with our agents to help such agents better target email deployments sent on behalf of us and such agent 's other clients . While such third party may have access to your email addresses and email activity , and may share bulk/non-specific activity data with third parties , no email addresses or specific email activity will be shared . If you wish to opt out of this sharing , please opt-out of receiving emails from us by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in the email and following the instructions . Administrative or Legal Process : We or others may disclose your personal information to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law , law enforcement agencies , to protect our or third parties ' rights , or to protect the rights of other users of the Website . You should be aware that when you are on the Website you could be directed to other websites beyond our control . For example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement , the " click " may take you off the Website onto a different website . This includes links from advertisers , sponsors and marketing partners that may use the Website 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement . These other websites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies . If you visit a website that is linked to the Website , you should consult that website 's privacy policy before providing any personal information . The Website incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security , integrity , completeness , accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss , misuse and alteration . Your personally identifiable information is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software . Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access . Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at NFLPrivacy @ nfl.com . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . The Website and the NFL Mobile application ( " NFL Mobile " ) may make chat rooms , forums , commenting and message boards available to you and other users . You are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so . If you post personal information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties . In addition , when you post a comment to NFL Mobile , the user name with which you registered for the Website and your current location will be made publicly available on the Website and through NFL Mobile . By using the commenting features of the Website and NFL Mobile , you acknowledge that your user name and location information will be disclosed . We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room , forum , or message board . Also , we can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy . Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas . To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at NFLPrivacy @ nfl.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . The Website is a general audience website . On the Website , we do not currently knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen . If , in the future , we collect personally identifiable information from children on the Website , we will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( 15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq. )  including , without limitation , obtaining necessary parental consent . For more information about the privacy practices for our affiliated website , NFLRush.com , which is directed to children , please consult the privacy policy at that website . The Internet offers children wonderful educational and entertainment resources . Your guidance and involvement are essential to help ensure that children have a safe and rewarding online experience . We encourage you to visit the Direct Marketing Association 's website at http : //www.the-dma.org and explore the Get CyberSavvy ! Program as well as the GetNetWise website www.getnetwise.org to learn more about parental control tools . By using the Website , you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy . We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time . If we make a material change to the way in which we collect , use , and/or share your personal information , we will post a notice on the Website and / or send an email to users who have provided an email address . We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the Privacy Policy , as modified , if you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website thirty days after a notice is posted . Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address . If your personally identifiable information changes ( such as your email address or zip code ) , or if you no longer desire to have access to the Website , we will endeavor to provide a way to correct , update or remove the personal data you have provided to us . You may request that we do so by emailing us at NFLPrivacy @ nfl.com , signing into your online account and making the desired changes , or via mail at : NFL.com user information , 345 Park Avenue , New York , NY 10154 . We will respond to your request within 20 business days . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of the National Football League who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an email to CAPrivacyRights @ nfl.com or write us at CA Privacy Rights , NFL Digital Media Group , 345 Park Avenue , New York , NY 10154 . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , contact NFLPrivacy @ nfl.com . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of this Website , please contact us by email at NFLPrivacy @ nfl.com or : NFL Digital Media Group 345 Park Avenue , 5th Floor New York , NY 10154 Attn : Website Privacy Policy 
Privacy Policy Last Updated : December 20 , 2013 Welcome to Bleacher Report , the online and mobile service of Bleacher Report , Inc . ( Bleacher Report , we , or us ) . Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose , and protect information that applies to our Service , and your choices about the collection and use of your information . Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use . We collect the following types of information about you :  a . Information you provide us directly : We ask for certain information such as your first and last name , phone number and e-mail address when you register for a Bleacher Report account , or if you correspond with us . We may also retain any messages you send through the Service , and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service , including posts from your blog . We use this information to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service , and as further detailed below . b . Information we may receive from third parties : We may receive information about you from third parties . For example , if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in , for example , through Twitter or Facebook Connect , by following , liking , adding the Bleacher Report application , linking your account to the Bleacher Report service , etc. , that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Bleacher Report . This information could include , but is not limited to , the user ID associated with your account ( for example , your Facebook UID ) , an access token necessary to access that service , any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us , and any information you have made public in connection with that service , including your public profile picture , news feed , posts on your wall ( including your friends ' posts on your wall ) , friends list , etc . You should always review , and if necessary , adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Bleacher Report Service . You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service . If you unlink your third party account , we will remove the information collected about you in connection with that service . c . Finding your friends on Bleacher Report : If you so choose , you can find your friends on the Bleacher Report Service . Our find friends feature allows you to choose to locate your friends either through ( i ) your mobile device 's contact list , or ( ii ) your social media site accounts ( such as Twitter or Facebook ) . If you choose to find your friends through your mobile device 's contact list , then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your contact list so that we can determine whether individuals in your contacts list are using our Service . If you choose to find your friends through social media sites , then you understand that we may access your friends list , as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use , privacy policy , and your account settings on those sites , so that we can determine whether individuals in your friends list or social media network are using our Service . Note that , in connection with the find friends feature , we do not retain any information contained in your mobile device 's contact list or information from social media sites about your contacts , and we do not use such information for any purpose other than to help you find and connect with your friends on Bleacher Report . d . Adding a friend to a Group on Bleacher Report : If you choose to add another User or a third party ( an invitee ) to your Group on the Bleacher Report Service , or if you share an article or other content with members of your Group , you may provide us with the invitee 's first and last name , email address , mobile telephone number , or other contact information . We may also allow you to access contact information through ( i ) your mobile device 's contact list , or ( ii ) your social media site accounts ( such as Twitter or Facebook ) . If you choose to do so , then you provide Bleacher Report with permission to access to your mobile device 's contact list or your social media account friends list , as well as any other information that the social media service provides to us in accordance with their terms of use , privacy policy , and your account settings on those sites . We will use and store the information we collect to add that invitee to your Group , to create a temporary User ID and URL to permit that invitee to access your Group , to send a Message to the invitee , and to track the success of this feature . Unless the invitee otherwise agrees , we do not use the invitee 's contact information for marketing purposes , and we do not share such information with third parties except as described below in Sharing of Your Information . The invitee may contact us at any time to request that we remove his or her information from our records at support @ bleacherreport.com . e . Analytics information . We may directly collect or use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service . These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device as part of a web page request , including the web pages you visit , your browser add-ons , your browser 's width and height , and other information that assists us in improving the Service . We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it can not reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user . f . Cookies information : When you visit the Service , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Bleacher Report help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site . A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service ( e.g. , the pages you view , the links you click and other actions you take on the Service ) , and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Service over time . A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser . Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site . Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions . A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser . You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled . g. Log file information : Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page . When you use our Service , our servers automatically record certain log file information . These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information . h . Clear gifs/web beacons information : When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( also known as web beacons ) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users . In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients . The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service . i . Device identifiers : When you access the Service by or through a mobile device ( including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets ) , we may access , collect , monitor and/or remotely store one or more device identifiers , such as a universally unique identifier ( UUID ) . Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device , which uniquely identify your mobile device . A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware , data stored in connection with the device 's operating system or other software , or data sent to the device by Bleacher Report . A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Service . A device identifier may remain persistently on your device , to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Service . Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled . j . Location data : When you access the Service by or through a mobile device , we may access , collect , monitor and/or remotely store location data , which may include GPS coordinates ( e.g. latitude and/or longitude ) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device . Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Service . Some features of the Service , particularly location-based services , may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled . k . Commercial and marketing communications : We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you . We may send you emails or push notifications on your mobile device containing newsletters , promotions and special offers . If you do not want to receive such email messages , you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences . You may opt-out of push notification messages by changing your settings on your mobile device . We will not send you marketing communications using SMS text messages . We also use your information to send you Service-related notices ( e.g. , account verification , purchase and billing confirmations and reminders , changes/updates to features of the Service , technical and security notices ) to your email address or mobile device via push notification . You may not opt out of Service-related messages . You will also be able to be found on Bleacher Report based on information that you provide ( see Find friends on Bleacher Report ) above . l . Use of certain service type information we collect about you : We use or may use cookies , log file , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors , traffic , and demographic patterns ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems ; ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in ; ( g ) to provide advertising to your browser or device , and ( h ) automatically update the Bleacher Report application on your mobile devices . We will not rent or sell your information into third parties outside Bleacher Report and its group companies ( including any parent , subsidiaries and affiliates ) without your consent , except as noted below : a . Who we may share your information with : We may share your information with third-party business partners for the purpose of providing the Service to you . Those business partners will be given limited access to your information as is reasonably necessary to deliver the Service , and we will require that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy . b . Who you may choose to share your User Content with : Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service , such as User Content , becomes available to the public , as controlled by any available privacy settings . To change your privacy settings on the Service , please change your profile settings . Subject to your profile and privacy settings , any User Content that you voluntarily make public is searchable by other Users , including your full name and blog URL ( should you provide this optional information ) . In addition , Bleacher Report allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the Service , and may allow third parties to access such information via the Bleacher Report application programming interface ( API ) . If you remove information that you posted to the Service , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service , or if other Users have copied or saved that information . c . What happens in the event of a change of control : We may buy or sell/divest/transfer our company ( including any shares in the company ) , or any combination of its products , services , assets and/or businesses . Your information such as customer names and email addresses , User Content and other user information related to the Service may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions . We may also sell , assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , acquisitions , bankruptcies , dissolutions , reorganizations , liquidations , similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company . d . Instances where we are required to share your information : Bleacher Report will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service ; and/or ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Bleacher Report , our Users or others . e . Sharing certain service type information we collect about you : We may share certain service type information , including information obtained through tools such as cookies , log files , device identifiers , location data and clear gifs ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc. )  with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on How We Collect and Use Information . We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated , anonymized data with third parties . f . Ads on Bleacher Report : We may also share certain information such as your location , browser and cookie data and other data relating to your use of our Service with our business partners to deliver advertisements ( ads ) that may be of interest to you . Bleacher Report may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service . These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser or mobile device , the ads and ad links that appear on the Service , and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so . They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , device identifiers , location data , and clear gifs , see above ) to compile information about your browser 's or device 's visits and usage patterns on the Service , and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content . Bleacher Report does not sell , rent , or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties ' own marketing purposes , unless you choose in advance to have your information shared for this purpose . Additionally , you may wish to opt-out of receiving cookies by adjusting your browser settings to refuse cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed . See Your Choices About Your Information below . Please note that an advertiser may ask Bleacher Report to show an ad to a certain audience of Users ( e.g. , based on demographics or other interests ) . In that situation , Bleacher Report determines the target audience and Bleacher Report serves the advertising to that audience and only provides anonymous aggregated data to the advertiser . If you respond to such an ad , the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach . The Bleacher Report Privacy Policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , third-party advertisers . Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information . a . Storage and Processing : Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its subsidiaries , affiliates or service providers maintain facilities . Bleacher Report may transfer information that we collect about you , including personal information , to affiliated entities , or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world . If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law , please note that we may transfer information , including personal information , to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction , and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Bleacher Report or its parent , subsidiaries , affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy . b . Keeping your information safe : Bleacher Report cares about the security of your information , and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service . To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account . You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information ( including Group hyperlinks , if applicable ) , and for controlling access to your email communications from Bleacher Report , at all times . However , Bleacher Report can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Bleacher Report or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed . Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Bleacher Report 's distributors , such as social networks . Bleacher Report is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party . c . Compromise of information : In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Bleacher Report will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate , notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps , in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations . a . You control your account information and settings : You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging in to your account and changing your profile settings . You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in such communications , by sending an email message to support @ bleacherreport.com , with the word " No email " in the subject field , or by sending mail to the following postal address :  Customer Support Bleacher Report 153 Kearny St. 2nd Floor San Francisco , CA 94108 Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers . You may not opt out of certain Service-related notices . If you no longer wish to receive Messages , you may text STOP to the number indicated in the Message , or e-mail us at support @ bleacherreport.com . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly process all unsubscribe requests . If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information , you can contact us directly at support @ bleacherreport.com . b . Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising : At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions . Please refer to your mobile device or browser 's technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies , and other tracking/recording tools . Depending on your type of device , it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device . Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Bleacher Report or its business partners from tracking your browser 's activities in relation to the Service , and for use in targeted advertising activities by third parties . However , doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service . If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools , you can contact us directly at support @ bleacherreport.com . c . How long we keep your User Content : Following termination or deactivation of your User account , Bleacher Report may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup , archival , or audit purposes . Bleacher Report does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users . The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13 . If you are under 13 , please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address . In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible . If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us at support @ bleacherreport.com . We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service , including the information or content contained therein . Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website , our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services . Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service , including those that have a link or advertisement on our website , are subject to that third party 's own rules and policies . In addition , you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content . If you are using a third-party website or service ( like Facebook or Twitter ) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk . This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means ( including offline ) or from other sources other than through the Service . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service , please contact us at support @ bleacherreport.com . Bleacher Report may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices , and so you should review this page periodically . When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the last modified ' date at the bottom of this page . This privacy policy was last modified on August 22 , 2012 . Questions ? Please e-mail support @ bleacherreport.com . Read the Terms of Use Read the Acceptable Use Policy 
NBA.com Network Privacy Policy Looking for the NBA.com Terms of Use ? Click here The NBA.com , WNBA.com and nbadleague.com web sites are operated by Turner Digital Basketball Services , Inc. and its affiliates ( " Turner " ) pursuant to an agreement with NBA Media Ventures , LLC ( " NBAMV " ) , NBA TV , LLC ( " NBATV " ) and NBA Properties , Inc . ( " NBAP " ) ( NBAMV , NBATV and NBAP collectively referred to as the " NBA Entities " ) ( NBA Entities and Turner collectively referred to herein as " we " , " our " or " us " ) . The official National Basketball Association ( " NBA " ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective NBA teams . The official Women 's National Basketball Association ( " WNBA " ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective WNBA teams . The official NBA Development League ( " D-League " ) team sites are operated by Turner and the respective D-League teams . The NBA.com , WNBA.com and nbadleague.com sites , in addition to the official team sites of the NBA , WNBA and D-League , are collectively referred to as the " NBA.com Network. "  Here at the NBA.com Network , we are committed to safeguarding your privacy . This Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) describes the information we gather through the NBA.com Network , what we do with it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it . Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected through the NBA.com Network . It does not apply to any other information collected or obtained by any member of the NBA Family ( as defined below ) through other means . Before you submit any information to the NBA.com Network , please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personally identifiable information . By using any part of the NBA.com Network , including without limitation any official site of an NBA , WNBA , or D-League team , you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as outlined in this Policy and to the collection , processing and maintenance of this information in the United States , and where applicable , other countries . If you do not agree to this Policy , please do not use the NBA.com Network . Your use of any part of the NBA.com Network indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Policy . You should note that the NBA.com Network includes certain " Third Party Sections " , which are operated by third parties other than Turner , including , without limitation , the NBA/WNBA Store at http : //store.nba.com , which is operated by GSI Commerce Solutions , Inc . ( " GSI " ) , and the NBA Photo Store at http : //photostore.nba.com/ , which is operated by Getty Images or its designee ( collectively , the " Third Party Sections " ) . These Third Party Sections may be subject to the additional privacy policies of the companies that collect data through these Third Party Sections . Please refer to the section entitled " Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections " below for more information . You also should note that the NBA.com Network works with ( and may provide links to ) third party sites ( i.e. , sites that are not part of the NBA.com Network ) that advertise on and/or offer features and transactions described on the NBA.com Network ( e.g. , tickets , fantasy games , subscription services , chat rooms , message boards , registration for camps and clinics ) . The organizations controlling those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that they comply with applicable laws , regulations , and rules . If you visit a site that is not part of the NBA.com Network , we encourage you to review that site 's privacy policy before providing any personally identifiable information . Please also note that the NBA.com China web site at NBA.com/china , the NBA.com Taiwan web site at NBA.com/taiwan , and the NBA.com Hong Kong web site at NBA.com/hongkong are operated in conjunction with TOM Group Limited . Those in-language sites are subject to the in-language privacy policies that appear on those sites . The NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 . In addition , the NBA.com Network does not knowingly obtain , retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13 . Accordingly , children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on the NBA.com Network ( including , without limitation , NBAStore.com and WNBAStore.com ( " NBA/WNBA Store " ) ) . If you would like more information about the NBA.com Network 's policy with respect to children , please read our Note to Parents below . If we make any material changes to this Policy , those changes will be posted here so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information is collected , how that information is used , and under what circumstances that information may be disclosed . Since this Policy may change from time to time , you should review it periodically and specifically before you provide any additional personally identifiable information . Your continued use of the NBA.com Network following the posting of changes to this Policy will signal your acceptance of such changes . If you have any questions , comments , or requests regarding this Policy or the information practices of the NBA.com Network , please contact us by e-mail at FanRelations @ NBA.com or write to us at 477 Madison Avenue , New York , NY 10022 , Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations . TABLE OF CONTENTS The organizations collecting the information What personally identifiable and other information is collected How personally identifiable and other information is used With whom the information may be shared Online Advertising Special policies applicable to Third Party Sections What choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; Opting-out The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under our control How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information Choice of Law Your California Privacy Rights The information collected through the NBA.com Network is collected on behalf of , and may be shared with , all members of the " NBA Family , " including without limitation Turner , the NBA Entities , WNBA Enterprises , LLC ( " WNBAE " ) , NBA Development League , LLC , each NBA , WNBA , and D-League team , and each of their respective parents and affiliates . Return to top As stated above , the NBA.com Network does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 . Please review our Note to Parents , if you have any questions regarding our Policy with respect to children . With respect to persons age 13 or older , the NBA.com Network collects personally identifiable information required to participate in certain NBA.com Network features and transactions ( e.g. , in connection with membership enrollment , newsletters , games , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , purchases on the NBA/WNBA Store , etc. ) . This information may vary but will typically include your first and last name ; mailing address ( including city , state , zip code and country ) ; complete date of birth ; and e-mail address . In case you are making purchases online , a credit card number ( including CID number ) and expiration date may be required as well as shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item and other transactional information based on your purchase activities through the NBA.com Network . You may also be requested to provide a unique member name and password to access and use certain features of the site . You may elect to provide us with other personally identifiable information , such as in your profile , or when you post comments or content to our public forums . If you provide personally identifiable information in these ways , please note that such information may be available to the general public . In order to better customize and enhance your membership experience , we may combine the information that you provide with supplemental information ( including mailing address updates and demographic data ) that we obtain from public sources or reputable third parties . Information combined with personally identifiable information becomes , and is treated as , personally identifiable information under this Policy . The NBA.com Network also may collect non-personally identifiable information , including without limitation , Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows , MacOS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon , AT&T ) , the type and/or " device ID " of handheld or mobile devices you are using ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , the web pages you have visited within the Turner Network , sites visited before and after you visit a page on the NBA.com Network , your location information , the content you have accessed and the advertisements you have been shown and/or clicked on . We may combine this and other non-personally identifiable information with the personally identifiable information that we have collected , including to customize a user 's membership experience . In addition , the NBA.com Network may solicit from time to time your opinion ( e.g. , to determine your preferences and dislikes in order to provide you with a better product or offering ) . These surveys are always optional , and your decision not to participate in a survey will not affect your status as an NBA.com Network user . Social Networking . You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and NBA Family or third-party social media plug-ins and applications . When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins and applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , your posts or ' likes ' ) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content . We may combine information which we obtain through social networking sites or applications with information we obtain directly through the NBA.com Network or from other sources . When you allow us to access information from your social media account , it can enable us to do things like ( 1 ) deliver exclusive content to you , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , and ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly using your contact information . By engaging with our content through social networking sites or applications , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Please note that when you provide personal information in publicly visible areas of social networking sites or applications , it may be viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties . Use of Cookies . The NBA.com Network uses browser-based " cookie " technology , users ' IP addresses and similar technologies to customize and enhance your online experience on the site . Browser cookies are pieces of information stored within your computer 's Internet browser that automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with our site . Such technology is a common feature of many web sites and is necessary in order for certain features of our site to function properly or in order to provide an online service to you ( e.g. , membership enrollment , NBA/WNBA Store ) . We also use cookies to help us understand the content and advertisements that you are shown while visiting our sites . Please read about our online advertising activities to understand the use of cookies on the NBA.com Network to show you targeted advertising on our sites and across the Internet . We may combine information which we obtain through the use of cookies with other information , including a unique identifier we have assigned to you , or with information we obtain from third party sources . You may customize the browser settings of your computer to notify you when a browser cookie is sent or to refuse browser cookies altogether . Please check your browser for instructions on how to make these adjustments . We may also use flash cookies ( also known as " locally stored objects " ) to store information relevant to a particular application ( e.g. , in connection with an online game or to track participation in a poll ) . We do not , however , use flash cookies to alter your browser settings regarding your preferences for the operation of browser cookies ( e.g. , we do not use flash cookies to recreate a browser cookie deleted by a user ) or as part of any targeted advertising activity . If you would like to manage our use of flash cookies to store information about you , please visit the Website Storage Settings Panel , available through the Adobe Flash Player settings management tool , and select any websites that reference NBA.com ( e.g. , www.nba.com , nba-preview.nba.com ) . You may also manage all uses of flash cookies on your computer through the Global Storage Settings Panel on Adobe 's settings management tool . Third Party Cookies . Third parties also may place their own cookies within your browser when you visit the NBA.com Network . You should be aware that the NBA.com Network can not generally control the use of cookies ( or the resulting use of information obtained from cookies ) by third parties that host or provide data , content and services for , or advertise on , the NBA.com Network . Please read about our online advertising activities to learn more about the use of third-party cookies for online advertising purposes and your ability to opt out of this use of your information by third-parties . Please review the privacy policies of other websites of which you are a user or member to learn more about those sites ' practices . As noted above , you may customize your browser settings to match your comfort level with regard to the use of cookies . If you reject " third party " cookies , you may limit the ability of third parties to collect information about your activities on the NBA.com Network . You may also choose to reject all cookies , although this may limit your access to certain features on the NBA.com Network , including certain personalized content . Return to top The NBA Family may use your information to provide you with services and information you have requested or products you have purchased ( e.g. , membership updates , e-mail newsletters , NBA/WNBA Store orders ) and to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems . The NBA Family also may use your information to respond to specific inquiries made by you ( e.g. , in response to job applications , e-mailed questions ) ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our Terms of Use ; and to customize , measure , analyze and improve our services , content and layout . In addition , the NBA Family may use your information and/or supplement your information with information we obtain from other sources ( e.g. , partners , third party providers , public sources ) to customize and enhance your online experience , including for online advertising purposes as described below , and to notify you about special offers , products , services , and information that we think may be of interest to you . You can opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us at any time by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received . You may also change or update your personally identifiable information by visiting the membership area at NBA.com/allaccess , or ( if applicable ) the " My Account " area at the NBA/WNBA Store . Return to top As indicated above , the NBA.com Network may disclose personally identifiable information to those within the NBA Family . From time to time , the NBA.com Network may also share personally identifiable information with third parties we have engaged to perform certain services in connection with the operation of certain aspects of the NBA.com Network , including to customize , measure , analyze and improve our services , content , and layout . These third party service providers are authorized to use this information only in a manner consistent with this Policy . The NBA Family has several sponsors and other business partners that can offer valuable products and services to our users . Except as indicated otherwise on the NBA.com Network , the NBA.com Network will not disclose your e-mail address to these partners if you have indicated that you do not wish to receive information , special offers or promotions from third parties via e-mail . From time to time , the NBA.com Network may share or provide non-identifiable information to these partners , and , in addition , the NBA.com Network may provide them with mailing address and other information so that they may extend offers to you . If you do not want your personally identifiable information shared with these partners , you may make such a request by sending us an e-mail at FanRelations @ NBA.com or writing to 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 , Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations . Your information also may be provided to an entity that acquires all or any part of the NBA.com Network 's assets or in a merger or acquisition , in which case , you will be notified of such transaction and advised of any change in the applicable privacy policy . Further , we may disclose information in our discretion to cooperate with law enforcement or other government officials , or if asked to disclose information by subpoena , court order or other legal process . While the NBA Family is careful in choosing its partners and advertisers , we are only responsible for content on our own sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us . All third parties associated with the NBA.com Network and/or to which the NBA.com Network may link ( including , but not limited to , advertisers , sponsors and other Internet sites ) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices . We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every web site that you visit . The NBA.com Network does not control this collection of information and can not be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties . Return to top The NBA.com Network engages Turner and third parties to deliver advertisements on our sites and on our behalf across the Internet . Often the ads presented to you are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests . Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your online experience . As part of this process Turner and/or these third parties may collect information about your online activities across the NBA.com Network , the Turner Network and other sites in an effort to make inferences about your interests and deliver to you advertisements targeted to those interests . The parties that may deliver such " interest-based ads " on our behalf include , but are not limited to : Turner : Turner serves advertisements on our behalf across the network of sites operated by Turner - which currently includes , but is not limited to , NBA.com , CNN.com , TBS.com , TNT.tv , TCM.com , AdultSwim.com,Golf.com , Fannation.com , TruTV.com , PGA.com , PGATour.com , thesmokinggun.com,si.com , ncaa.com , mmod.ncaa.com , teamcoco.com and NASCAR.com ( collectively , the " Turner Network " ) . The sites included within the Turner Network may change from time to time . Turner collects non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about the pages you view and your activity on NBA.com and the other sites within the Turner Network through the use of cookies and web beacons . Turner then uses the information collected via these technologies to make inferences about your interests ( for example , whether you are following the NBA Playoffs ) for the purpose of delivering interest-based ads to you ( such as an advertisement relating to the NBA Playoffs ) while you are visiting other sites within the Turner Network . Yahoo ! : Turner authorizes Yahoo ! on our behalf to use web beacons along with cookies to collect these same types of data about your activities on NBA.com in order to determine your interests and to deliver interest-based ads to you while you are visiting certain Yahoo ! network sites . In addition , TeamStore , which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site , also participates in a search " retargeting " program through Yahoo ! to serve ads on behalf of the NBA/WNBA Store site based on your keyword searches on Yahoo ! 's web search engine when you are visiting other sites across Yahoo ! Network Plus - including Yahoo ! Mail , Yahoo ! Finance and Yahoo ! Sports . As part of this process , Yahoo ! places a cookie on your browser so that Yahoo ! can be notified when your browser is visiting a site on Yahoo ! Network Plus on which Yahoo ! can deliver targeted advertisements . Fetchback : GSI , which operates the NBA/WNBA Store site , also conducts a " retargeting " program through its affiliate , Fetchback Inc . ( " Fetchback " ) , to serve ads on behalf of the NBA/WNBA Store site when you are visiting other sites on the Internet . To do this , Fetchback uses JavaScript tags and cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store site . Fetchback uses this information to deliver interest-based ads to you while you are visiting third-party sites across the Internet . Fetchback also contacts one or more third-party advertising companies when you visit certain pages within the NBA/WNBA Store site . As part of this process , Fetchback enables these third-party advertising companies to place a cookie on your browser so that Fetchback can be notified when your browser is visiting third-party sites on which Fetchback has the ability to deliver online advertisements . Please note that these third-party advertising companies are not authorized to use the cookies placed on your browser for any other purpose . You can view and delete these third-party cookies that have been placed on your browser through your browser 's specific cookie management tools , as described above ( for example , Internet Explorer users can view and delete cookies through the Internet Options tab within the Tools menu ) . Some of these third parties may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , and you can opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from NAI members , as described below . Google AdWords : In conjunction with our media partners and agencies , the NBA Entities also conduct " remarketing " campaigns using Google AdWords . To do this , we authorize Google to use tags and cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the NBA.com Network , which Google then uses to deliver targeted advertisements to you for NBA products and services ( e.g. , NBA League Pass ) based on your keyword searches on Google 's search engine . To learn more about how Google uses cookies in advertising , click here . For information about how you can limit , or opt out of , Google 's use of cookies for advertising , visit Google 's Ad Settings page . Adobe : We may also utilize Adobe technology , including placing pixels and/or cookies on your browser , to collect non-personally identifiable information ( including your IP address ) and information about the pages you view and your activity on the NBA.com Network . We use that information to perform site analytics , to tailor our website and other content to your likely interests , or to deliver interest-based ads to you across the Internet on behalf of the NBA Family or our partners ( for example , an NBA-themed ad on a sponsor 's website ) . Other Ad Networks : Although the majority of the online advertisements on the NBA.com Network are served through Turner , we also allow third-party ad serving companies , including other ad networks , to deliver advertisements on behalf of advertisers on the NBA.com Network . These companies currently include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick DART for Advertisers , Google , Atlas DMT , and Unicast and ValueClick Media . These third parties may also utilize web beacons , cookies , or similar technologies as part of their ad serving activities . To learn more about the use of these technologies by DoubleClick and Google for the purposes of serving advertisements , please visit the Google advertising privacy page . Opting Out : If you do not want your information to be collected on the NBA.com Network for purposes of delivering interest-based ads while you visit sites within the Turner Network or third-party sites across the Internet , you have multiple options for exercising your preferences . As described above , if you configure your browser settings to reject all " third-party " cookies , you will not receive interest-based ads delivered on our behalf . If you prefer a more limited form of opting out without rejecting third-party cookies altogether , you may opt out of receiving interest-based ads from some of the individual entities that deliver such advertisements on our behalf . Opting out of receiving interest-based ads will not reduce the number of advertisements you receive or otherwise affect your use of the NBA.com Network . To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered to you by Turner on the Turner Network , please click here . The Turner Network is also a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the " DAA " ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads . Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads . To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from Yahoo ! on certain Yahoo ! network sites based on your activities on NBA.com or your Yahoo ! keyword searches , please click here . To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads from Fetchback on third-party sites across the Internet , please click here . To opt out of the receipt of targeted advertising and other tailored content that utilizes Adobe technology , please click here and scroll down to the section titled , " Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you. "  Other ad networks that may be involved in the delivery of advertising on the NBA.com Network may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative of online advertisers that offers a centralized tool for opting out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered by each of its member companies . To learn more about the NAI and its opt-out tool , please click here . To opt out of interest-based advertising by DoubleClick and/or Google , please click here . Return to top The practices described in this section apply only to information gathered through the Third Party Sections ( such as those indicated below ) and do not reflect practices with respect to information gathered elsewhere on the NBA.com Network . NBA/WNBA Store . At the NBA/WNBA Store , if you register or order products , you may provide personally identifiable information about yourself ( or about others , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient ) such as : name , birth date , mailing address , e-mail address , telephone number , and credit card information . The NBA.com Network has engaged GSI to perform services in connection with the management and operation of the NBA/WNBA Store . As such , in connection with the NBA/WNBA Store , GSI and its service providers will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your shopping and purchase activity on the NBA/WNBA Store , subject to the terms of this Policy . Examples of how GSI and its service providers may use your data include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , marketing and promotional material distribution , site evaluation and data analysis . You may update your NBA/WNBA Store account information or e-mail preferences by visiting the " My Account " area at NBAStore.com or WNBAStore.com . NBA Photo Store . At the NBA Photo Store , if you register or order products , you may provide the following types of personally identifiable information about yourself ( or about others , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient ) : name , address , e-mail address , date of birth , telephone number , and credit card information . The NBA.com Network has engaged Getty Images or its designee to perform services in connection with the management and operation of NBA Photo Store . As such , in connection with the NBA Photo Store , Getty Images or its designee will have access to and will use the personally identifiable information you provide in connection with your purchases or registration on the NBA Photo Store , subject to the terms of this Policy . Examples of how Getty Images or its designee may use your data include payment processing and authorization , fraud protection and credit risk reduction , marketing and promotional material distribution , site evaluation and data analysis . NBA Fantasy Games . The NBA.com Network may conduct one or more fantasy games in conjunction with third parties . In connection with such fantasy games , the third party partner will have access to and may use the personally identifiable information you provide , subject to the terms of that third party 's privacy policy , which will be posted on the registration page . Please review the posted privacy policies of such third parties for more information . Return to top Subject to the limitations described below , if you elect to be an NBA All-Access member , you will periodically receive emails regarding your membership ( e.g. , emails containing or describing membership benefits , informing you of changes to your membership benefits , or providing other information about your membership ) . In addition , as an NBA All-Access member or as a customer at the NBA/WNBA Store , you will have the opportunity to receive newsletters , selected sponsor offers , and other promotions by e-mail . You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the enrollment process or subsequent changes made to your preferences . If you wish to change your email preferences , you may do so by visiting the membership area ( NBA.com/allaccess ) , the " My Account " area at the NBA/WNBA Store ( if applicable ) , or by indicating your preference according to the instructions provided within the e-mails received . If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your preferences . If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the sign in area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you . For existing members who have not signed up for an NBA All-Access membership , and for all members located in Germany : During the registration process , you may have been asked to indicate whether you wish to receive newsletters , selected sponsor offers , discounts and other promotions by e-mail . You will receive such e-mails as a result of the preferences indicated in the registration process or subsequent changes made to your preferences . If you wish to change your preferences , you may do so by following the instructions provided within the e-mails received . You may also visit the NBA All-Access membership area ( NBA.com/allaccess ) , where you may enroll in , make changes to , or cancel your membership . If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your registration preferences . If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the registration area and requesting that a hint or a newly assigned password be sent to you . In either case , you also may request to be removed from our catalog and mailing list by writing to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 . Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations . Please be sure to include your full name and mailing address so that we can properly process your request . To obtain information about having your name and home address removed from marketing mailing lists on a national basis , you may wish to contact the Direct Marketing Association at www.the-dma.org . To opt out of the receipt of interest-based ads delivered on behalf of the NBA.com Network , please visit the online advertising section of this Policy . Return to top The NBA.com Network has generally accepted security measures in place to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under its control . The servers for the NBA.com Network that contain personally identifiable information are stored in a physically secure and climate controlled off-site facility . Beyond the physical protection of the servers , we protect against data loss by backing up data , performing consistency checks , and restricting access to information on our servers . When receiving financial information ( e.g. , credit card number , credit card expiration date ) for completing certain online transactions , including those in connection with the NBA.com/WNBA Store , the NBA Photo Store , and NBA League Pass , our site uses SSL or " Secure Sockets Layer , " an industry standard security protocol . Other features , like email and contact us , are not encrypted . When providing sensitive information on the Internet , you should also look at your browser to determine whether SSL technology is being employed ( usually indicated by an image of a lock in the browser frame ) . In addition , only those trained employees needed to carry out our business functions will be authorized to have access to information on individual NBA.com Network customers . It is important to remember that whatever you transmit or disclose online can be collected and used by others or unlawfully intercepted by third parties . No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your information , we can not warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . Your site membership account is password protected . We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone . At no time will any NBA.com Network employee ask for your password via e-mail . If you ever receive such an inquiry , please notify the NBA.com Network immediately at FanRelations @ NBA.com . Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your member names , passwords and/or other account information . Any information voluntarily disclosed by users and posted on our site ( on message boards , web logs , and/or in chat areas ) may be viewed and used by others . If users post personally identifiable information that is accessible to the public online , the user does so at his or her own risk . Users accept that they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Return to top To keep personally identifiable information that you provide via this site accurate , current and complete , please contact us by e-mail at FanRelations @ NBA.com or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 , Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations . Upon receiving your communication , we will take appropriate steps to update or correct such information in our possession , or to remove you from our catalog and mailing list . You also will have the option to correct any inaccuracies in your site membership account or other registration by returning to the membership area and updating your profile and preferences or re-registering . If a member name and password are required to access the feature , you will need to provide such information to update your membership information . If you have forgotten your password , you may obtain it by visiting the membership area and requesting that a hint be sent to you at the e-mail address you originally provided during enrollment . Return to top If any disputes arise between us regarding your use of the NBA.com Network , such disputes shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of New York , without regard to its choice-of-law provisions and the federal and state courts of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims . Return to top California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an e-mail to FanRelations @ NBA.com or write to us at 645 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10022 . Attn : NBA.com Network Fan Relations . Return to top It is the NBA.com Network 's policy not to knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 . A number of interactive features on the NBA.com Network require registration to participate ( e.g. , e-mail newsletters , membership ) . All registrants will be required to enter their full name , date of birth , e-mail address and , in some instances , zip code . If the NBA.com Network determines that a person is under the age of 13 , based on the information provided during the enrollment process , that person will not be permitted to register for such features on the NBA.com Network . Instead , when a child under 13 years old tries to register , he or she will be directed to content which does not involve the submission of personally identifiable information . Children who indicate that they are under 13 years old will not be able to make credit card purchases or participate in interactive features on the NBA.com Network that involve the collection and retention of personally identifiable information ( e.g. , entering a sweepstakes ) and they will not be contacted about special offers or promotions . The NBA.com Network works with ( and may provide links to ) third party sites that offer features described on the NBA.com Network . Registration for these features is pursuant to the privacy policies of the third parties operating the web sites on which registration occurs . Such third party sites may permit children under the age of 13 to register for these features on their sites in accordance with the privacy policies posted on those sites . The operators of those third party sites are responsible for ensuring that their sites comply with applicable laws , regulations , and rules . For more information , please review the privacy policies of each respective third party site . Return to top LAST UPDATED : November 25 , 2013 Copyright 2013 NBA Media Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved . Use of this site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for NBA.com , WNBA.com , and nbadleague.com . 
Privacy Policy TRUSTe online privacy certification Last Modified : December 30 , 2013 This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted . It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application . We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate . Types of Information We Collect How We Collect Your Information Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies Sharing Your Information with Other Companies Your Controls and Choices Children 's Privacy Data Security and Integrity Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally Changes to this Privacy Policy Comments and Questions We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information . We collect the following categories of information :  Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send back to top of page We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us . Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform . The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices . Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications . We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms . Please visit Online Tracking and Advertising for further information , including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies . We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically . Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it . back to top of page A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information . The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here . Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :  Provide you with the products and services you request Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you : Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications . To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking , please visit Online Tracking and Advertising . Optimize or improve our products , services and operations Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal back to top of page We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including : When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as : Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices . When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law back to top of page We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information . In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :  You may correct , update and delete your registration account You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by visiting Communication Choices , contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you . Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences . If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services . back to top of page We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications . Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features . When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :  Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children 's personal information , please read our Children 's Privacy Policy . back to top of page The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us . We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification . From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods . Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable . back to top of page We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy . Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information . Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent . We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia . back to top of page From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes . We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent . back to top of page If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services . Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information . Notice to California Residents : If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California . To make such a request , please send an email to caprivacy.wdig @ twdc.com or write us :  CA Privacy Rights Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains . If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online . back to top of page Definitions Aggregate Information . Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest . back to top of page Anonymous Information . Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest . back to top of page Application . Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests . back to top of page Children . Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information . In the United States and Latin America , the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age . back to top of page Data Controller . The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :  Sites and Applications Company Contact Information Disney Club Penguin ( Club Penguin ) Disney Canada Inc. ( formerly known as Disney Online Studios Canada Inc. )  Club Penguin c/o Disney Online Studios Canada Inc. 1628 Dickson Avenue , Suite 500 Kelowna , British Columbia V1Y 9X1 CANADA support @ clubpenguin.com Disney Movies Online Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc . Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services Disney Studio All Access Disney Movie Rewards Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc. , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services All other sites and applications Disney Online Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services back to top of page Data Processor . A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) . back to top of page IP Address . An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university . We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information . back to top of page Member . Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies . back to top of page Notice . Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law . back to top of page Parents . Parents means a parent or legal guardian . back to top of page Personal information . Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number . When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information . back to top of page Public Forums . Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience . If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party . To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services . back to top of page The Walt Disney Family of Companies . The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names . These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services . The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :  ABC Babble Baby Einstein BabyZone Club Penguin Disney Disney Pixar ESPN Hollywood Records Indiana Jones Lucasfilm Marvel Muppets Playdom Spoonful Star Wars Tapulous Touchstone back to top of page Guest Services Contact Information United States of America :  Guest Services Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services For questions related to children 's privacy , you may also telephone Guest Services at ( 877 ) 466-6669 . 
CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date : January 2nd , 2014 Note : The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated . Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites . By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy . Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc . ( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy . CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) . This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites . This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected . Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive . We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles . Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site . This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site . Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit . Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites . You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site . CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) . Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites . CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information . Information we obtain from other sources . Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) . The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on . This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive . Combining Information . Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law . We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you . With your consent . With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners . For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services . Authorized third-party service providers . We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing . These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose . Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions . When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis . Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list . Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law . All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion . Co-Branded Partners . Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature . You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently . You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner . In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner . Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information . CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses . The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences . Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you . Business transfers . We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy . Legal requirements . We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements . Protect our Web Sites and users . We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use . Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising . We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings . This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you . Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites . You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message . Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements . You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising . You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) . You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve . To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page . Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site . You also may update or amend your information by contacting us . If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time . Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations . For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it . In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you . Back To Top We are committed to protecting your information . We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration . Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft . Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries . Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law . The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence . By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information . Back To Top For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom . Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us . For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code . Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information . Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 . Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 . In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws . To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy . Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions . Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use . Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission . We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety . We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions . This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service . Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site . Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy . Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings . If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting . If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time . You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc. 235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105 Attn : Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern . Back To Top 
The BBC is committed to protecting your and your family 's personal information when you are using BBC services . We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience . This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text , by email , in letters or correspondence . It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online , on mobile or on the Red Button service . In order to provide you with the full range of BBC services , we sometimes need to collect information about you . This Privacy Policy explains the following :  what information the BBC may collect about you ; how the BBC will use information we collect about you ; when the BBC may use your details to contact you ; whether the BBC will disclose your details to anyone else ; your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us ; the use of cookies on BBC websites and how you can reject these cookies . The BBC is committed to safeguarding your personal information . Whenever you provide such information , we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information , including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the " data protection laws " ) . BBC websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties . These third party websites have their own privacy policies , and are also likely to use cookies , and we therefore urge you to review them . They will govern the use of personal information you submit , which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites . We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk . The BBC is the largest broadcasting organisation in the world . We are a public service broadcaster , established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by UK households . The BBC includes the BBC World Service , which broadcasts to the world on radio , on TV and online , providing news and information in 32 languages . It is funded by a government grant , not from the licence fee . The BBC also has a commercial arm , BBC Worldwide Limited and its group companies ( BBC Worldwide ) . BBC Worldwide is a wholly owned subsidiary and returns its profits to the BBC for investment in new programming and services . Amongst other activities , BBC Worldwide operates the international , advertising-funded version of the BBC website , bbc.com , for users from outside of the UK . BBC Worldwide 's activities are only covered by this Privacy Policy in relation to its use of any personal information collected on bbc.com . To find out more about BBC Worldwide , its commercial operations and how it will use personal information collected when you use its other international and UK services , please see its corporate website and the BBC Worldwide Privacy Policy . When we refer to ' we " or ' our " or ' the BBC " we are referring to the BBC , the BBC World Service and BBC Worldwide ( but only in relation to BBC Worldwide 's use of information collected via bbc.com ) . When you participate in , access or sign up to any of the BBC 's services , activities or online content , such as newsletters , competitions , live chats , message boards , telephone or text the BBC , vote , donate money to a BBC charity appeal , book tickets for a BBC event or create an account using the BBC 's online registration system we may receive personal information about you . This can consist of information such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone or mobile number or date of birth , depending on the activity . By submitting your details , you enable the BBC ( and where applicable its contractors ) to provide you with the services , activities or online content you select . Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information , and sometimes sensitive personal information ( e.g. if you 're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings ) . When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it . The BBC also uses cookies ( see section 13 below for details ) and collects IP addresses ( an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet ) from visitors to BBC websites . The BBC will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following : to provide our services , activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries ; for " service administration purposes " , which means that the BBC may contact you for reasons related to the service , activity or online content you have signed up for , as set out in section 5 below ( e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service , activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance ) ; to contact you about a submission you have made , including any content you provide . For additional information , please see the UGC FAQS ( User Generated Content Frequently Asked Questions ) ; to provide you with information about our services , activities or online content ; to personalise the way BBC content is presented to you ( e.g. if the first thing you look at every day on the BBC website is the weather for Luton , we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage ) ; to use IP addresses to identify the location of users , to block disruptive use , to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not . If not , you will be re-directed to the international version of the BBC website ( bbc.com ) , ( see section 12 for details ) ; to analyse and improve the services offered on BBC websites ; to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience . The BBC may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individuals are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes ; and when you access the BBC website from outside the UK , you will see the international version ( bbc.com ) which features advertising . A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user . BBC Worldwide uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at on the international version of the BBC website and other BBC Worldwide sites , and your IP address information . This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as onsite behavioural targeting . The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not know who you are : it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you , if you are accessing the BBC website from outside the UK , which it believes are relevant . Find out more about BBC Worldwide 's use of its behavioural targeting system in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . It is important to remember that you will only see this advertising , and receive Behavioural Targeted Marketing cookies , if you are visiting bbc.com from outside the UK . Where the BBC proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first . You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above . The BBC may contact you : in relation to any service , activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the BBC can deliver the services to you ; in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about BBC products or services ; in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the BBC , e.g. on the BBC message boards or via text or voicemail message ; to invite you to participate in surveys about the BBC services ( participation is always voluntary ) ; and for marketing purposes , where you have agreed to this ( see section 6 below )  Local pages will give you detailed information about how the BBC will contact you in relation to specific services , activities or online content . The BBC will only use your information for marketing purposes , or to promote new services , activities or online content where you have agreed to this . We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law ( for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies ) or as described in section 8 below . Generally , we will only use your information within the BBC . However , sometimes the BBC uses third parties to process your information on our behalf . The BBC requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and the BBC requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way . If you post or send offensive , inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to BBC websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any BBC service , the BBC may use your personal information to stop such behaviour . Where the BBC reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws ( e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory ) , the BBC may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer , school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour . If you are aged 16 or under , please get your parent/guardian 's permission before you provide any personal information to the BBC . Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information . We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity , or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the BBC or the BBC 's corporate retention schedule ( a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long ) . If you cancel your registration as a BBC website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and , while the BBC can not use the personal information , it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically . Where you contribute material to the BBC we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose ( s ) for which it was submitted . For example , we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition . However other projects ( e.g. the People 's War website ) are likely to have a longer , or even permanent , duration . The BBC , as a publicly funded organisation , also has an obligation to record snapshots of history which may include some User Generated Content i.e. content provided by the public . Therefore , some content submitted to , or shared with , the BBC may be retained for prolonged periods of time or potentially indefinitely in the BBC 's Archive , which is true of News contributions which are published . There may also be rare instances where we will share your contribution with third parties in the interests of maintaining historical archives ( e.g. contributions about people 's experiences in the Second World War were given to the Imperial War Museum ) . Where possible , we will endeavour to inform you upfront or let you know at a later date where we are likely to keep content indefinitely or pass it onto an approved historical archive . Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the BBC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected . ( We charge 10 for information requests and require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification ) . We will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you on our files . Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer , Room2252 , White City Building , 201 Wood Lane , London W12 7TS ( Email : dpa.officer @ bbc.co.uk )  The BBC website is published in the UK by the BBC as bbc.co.uk . The international version of the website , bbc.com , is made available to international users accessing the website from outside the UK by the BBC 's commercial subsidiary , BBC Worldwide Ltd , on a commercial basis ( i.e. some of the pages you access from outside the UK will have advertising on them ) under licence from the BBC . Please note that some pages of the BBC website are made available to users outside the UK on a non-commercial basis ( for example , the front page for the BBC World Service 's foreign language sites , e.g. http : //www.bbc.co.uk/mundo/index.shtml ) . All personal information submitted by users outside the UK to bbc.com and to the World Service 's foreign language sites will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy ( and any local terms that apply to certain areas of the site ) . Where there is a conflict , the local terms will apply . a . What is a cookie ? A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer , tablet or mobile phone ( referred to here as a " device " ) browser from a website 's computer and is stored on your device 's hard drive . Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other websites . Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows . On BBC websites , cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests . During the course of any visit to a BBC website , the pages you see , along with a cookie , are downloaded to your device . Many websites do this , because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device ( and probably its user ) has visited the website before . This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see , and finding , the cookie left there on the last visit . b . How does the BBC use cookies ? Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience . For example , if on a previous visit you went to our education pages , we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits . The BBC uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users . All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes ( see section 6 above ) . Certain areas of BBC websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example , to help an online game work effectively on your device . Additionally , BBC Worldwide uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising on bbc.com to non-UK users . Further information , including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies , can be found in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . c . Third Party Cookies in embedded content on BBC pages Please note that during your visits to BBC websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the BBC or the BBC 's contractors . When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Flickr , you may be presented with cookies from these websites . The BBC does not control the dissemination of these cookies . You should check the third party websites for more information about these . Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content . d . BBC cookies and how to reject cookies ? Full information about how the BBC uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the BBC website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies , this means that certain personalised features can not then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites ' features . This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the BBC . The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page . If you do not agree to these changes , please do not continue to use BBC websites to submit personal information to the BBC . If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website . Some areas , such as TV Licensing and BBC charity appeals have their own privacy and cookies policies which you should also read before submitting your personal information . Go to the TV Licensing Privacy Policy to see how the BBC uses your personal information for TV Licensing purposes . In relation to BBC Worldwide , this Privacy Policy only applies to its use of data collected via the international version of the BBC website , bbc.com , which is accessed by users from outside the UK . For details of how BBC Worldwide uses personal information collected via its other international and UK services please see BBC Worldwide 's Privacy Policy If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact : The Data Protection Officer Room 2252 White City Building 201 Wood Lane London W12 7TS ( Email : dpa.officer @ bbc.co.uk ) If you are viewing the international version of this website , bbc.com , and you have any questions or comments about the Privacy Policy , please contact BBC Worldwide via email : dataprotection @ bbc.com Last updated : May 2012 
Privacy Policy LiveScore , and its affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users . Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information . During the process of delivering an information to you via our website , LiveScore does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name , address , phone number , or e-mail address . However , LiveScore may or may not obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider youuse to connect to the Internet , your browser type , the type of computer operating system you use ( Macintosh or Windows , for example ) , or what screen resolution do you use . The information collected by LiveScore is used for the purpose of improving your browsing experience on our website . In some cases , you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a survey , registering for an online competiton , signing up for a newsletter or personalizing your LiveScore pages . If this does occur , LiveScore will under no circumstances use such personal information for any purposes other than the ones you have provided them for . LiveScore , as well as most sites on the Internet , uses " cookies " to enhance your experience on the web . LiveScore can not use these cookies to personally identify you in any way . A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser from a World Wide Web Server . This block of data can be anything , a unique user ID generated by the server , the current date and time , the IP Address of where the browser is logged onto the net or any other chunk of data that you want . After a browser receives a cookie it will then send that cookie to the server that set it whenever it is appropriate and required/requested . The browser will only send the cookie to the server that originally set it . This means that the server ca n't tell if your browser has cookies that other sites have sent . An HTTP Cookie can not be used to get data from your hard drive , get your email address or steal sensitive information about your person . The LiveScore Web Server ( s ) will send a Cookie to a Client system when our adserver serves an ad in order to record unique ID associated with this ad so that should you decide to click on the ad , your browserknows which advertiser 's web page to redirect you to . We may or may not also use cookies to enhance your experience on our website ( personalization, ... ) . We believe cookies to be harmless , and will eventually be to everyone 's benefit ( end users , as well as site builders ) . " Cookies can not be used to steal information about you or your computer system. "  If you do not want the benefit of cookies , there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies . Please consult your web browser 's Help documentation for more information . LiveScore also works with some other third parties that serve ads to this site ( i.e. Doubleclick , Realmedia , 24/7 , Zedo, ... ) . We only choose to use ad serving solutions of companies whose Privacy Policy is in line with ours and if you would like to find out more about how they manage the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site , or if you have any additional questions about our dedication to consumer privacy , please contact us at LiveScore 
FOX Sports Digital Privacy Policy Effective Date : November 15 , 2013 Table of Contents : 1 . INTRODUCTION 2 . COLLECTION OF INFORMATION 3 . NOTICE AND CHOICE 4 . USE AND DISCLOSURE 5 . SECURITY 6 . USER CONTROL 7 . DATA RETENTION 8 . SENSITIVE INFORMATION 9 . CONTACT US Fox Sports Digital ( " FSD " ) , which is operated and controlled by Fox Networks Group , Inc. , has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect , use and disclose information . This Privacy Policy applies to the sports-related websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , widgets , and other content and services that are linked to this Privacy Policy ( collectively , the " FSD Sites " ) , including Foxsports.com , Foxsoccer.com , Speed.com , FoxDeportes.com , and SoonerSports.tv . By providing personal information to us and using the FSD Sites , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . To see a list of our affiliated companies ( " FSD Affiliates " ) click here . As set forth in our Terms of Use , the FSD Sites are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use some of the FSD Sites without being registered for a FSD Site and those who have registered for one or more FSD Site . This Privacy Policy applies to FSD 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) . It also describes generally FSD 's practices for handling non-personal information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) . Services Offered with Microsoft We work with Microsoft to bring you certain features for some of the FSD Sites . By providing information to or using the FSD Sites , you agree that we may share your information with Microsoft . Microsoft 's use of your information is governed by Microsoft 's Privacy Policy , which can be found here : http : //go.microsoft.com/fwlink/ ?LinkId=248688 . FSD and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : . Registration Information is the information you submit to register for our FSD Sites , for example to create a FSD account , post comments , receive a newsletter or mobile alert , or enter a contest or sweepstakes . Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code , birthday , and phone number . Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the FSD Sites and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture . Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines . Social Media Information and Content . If you access or log-in to a FSD Site through a social media service or another website , app , service or log-in ( " Other Service " ) , or connect a FSD Site to Other Services , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that Other Service , any information or content you have permitted the Other Service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends ' lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that Other Service ( collectively , " Social Media Information and Content " ) . When you access the FSD Sites through Other Services , or when you connect a FSD Site to Other Services , you are authorizing FSD to collect , store , and use any and all Social Media Information and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Site Activity Information . When you access and interact with the FSD Sites , we and our service providers may collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the FSD Sites , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the FSD Sites from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device in order to provide the FSD Sites to it . Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) , which are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier , may also be used . Websites , apps , and services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website . These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSD Sites , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . Third parties that support the FSD Sites by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSD Site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . FSD does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . For more information about third party ad networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies , you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the FSD Sites . Information from Other Sources . To improve the quality of the FSD Sites , we and our service providers may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our FSD Affiliates or business partners . Means of Notice and Choice . This Privacy Policy and your account settings are the primary means by which FSD provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information . FSD will not use your personal information in a manner that is new or unexpected without giving you a choice . Updates to Privacy Policy . FSD may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSD Sites . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information . Location of Data Storage . The FSD Sites are hosted in and managed from the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Services . The FSD Sites may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies . FSD is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the FSD Sites via a link , enable an unaffiliated service , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the unaffiliated service . Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service . In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( " Payment Service " ) . If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage . Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy . We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service . We use the personal information and other information we collect from and about you for the following purposes : To provide and manage the FSD Sites . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the FSD Sites and features to you , including to measure and improve those FSD Sites and features , to personalize your experience with both online and off-line FSD Services by delivering relevant content , advertising and marketing messages , to allow you to comment on content , participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , and to respond to inquiries . We may also use aggregate or anonymous data about your use of and activity on the FSD Sites to assist us in this regard . To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSD Sites . FSD may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the FSD Sites . These service providers are required to protect the personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and FSD . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log-in with or connect your social media account with a FSD Site , we will share your social media user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other FSD Sites ' users and with your friends associated with your social media account . We will also share the same information with your social media account provider . By logging-in with or connecting your FSD Sites account and your social media account , you are authorizing us to share information with your social media account provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the use of the shared information will be governed by the social media site 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media account with your FSD Sites account and do not participate in social sharing on the FSD Sites . To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( " Co-Branded Services " ) . These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSD Services or on the third party 's service . By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party . The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy . To deliver relevant advertisements . We and our service providers may use the information you provide to us , information we and our service providers collect about your use of the FSD Sites , and information that our service providers collect from your use of other websites and services through cookies and other technologies , to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the FSD Sites or Other Services . As noted above , these third party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests . To find out more about third party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.about ads.info , and to opt out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . To contact you . FSD may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or notifications related to the FSD Sites to the email address you provided to us at registration or for your account . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from a FSD Site , you can change your FSD account setting , or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email , or send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for " Privacy Policy matters " listed here . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the FSD Sites or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . To share with our Affiliates . FSD may share your information with FSD Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . A link to a website that lists FSD Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy . Users who visit FSD Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . To share with business partners . FSD may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications , consistent with your choices . To protect the rights of FSD and others . There may be instances when FSD may disclose your information without providing notice or choice , including situations where FSD has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of FSD , our FSD Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the FSD Sites or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If FSD sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , FSD may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties . In some instances , we may combine that information with personal information , such as combining your zip code with your name . If we combine this information with personal information , the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined . FSD uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information . If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below . In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to have changed , whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database , or if you have other questions about your personal information . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable . You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSD Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for " Disclosure Opt-out " listed here , with " Disclosure Opt-out " in the subject line and your full name , email address , postal address and specific FSD Service you have subscribed to in the body of the email . We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable . We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with Other Services . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines . We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( e.g. , social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the FSD Sites or otherwise . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for " Privacy Policy matters " listed here . 
Fdration Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) FIFA-Strasse 20 P.O . Box 8044 Zurich Switzerland For any definition used in this Privacy Policy , please refer to Our Terms located at http : //www.fifa.com/legal/tos.html . Please read the following to learn more about Our Privacy Policy and the ways in which We use Your information before You proceed with use of the FIFA Digital Platforms . This Privacy Policy has been drafted in English and has been translated in other languages . In the event of any discrepancy between the English and the translated texts , the English text shall prevail and be used to solve doubts of interpretation . Date of issue of this Privacy Policy : November 2013 YOUR INFORMATION IS PROCESSED IN SWITZERLAND , AND MAY BE STORED AND USED ELSEWHERE DEPENDING ON THE LOCATION OF AFFILIATES , BUSINESS PARTNERS , AND OTHER ENTITIES WHO ARE PERMITTED TO ACCESS SUCH INFORMATION UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY ( AND SUCH LOCATIONS MAY INCLUDE COUNTRIES WHICH MAY NOT AFFORD THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTION OF SUCH DATA AS THE COUNTRY FROM WHICH YOU PROVIDED THE INFORMATION ) . BY ACCESSING OR USING THE FIFA DIGITAL PLATFORMS OR SUBMITTING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US , YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE TO THAT TRANSFER AND ANY RELATED PURPOSES . The main reason why FIFA collects information is to provide and improve the FIFA Digital Platforms , Services , or FIFA Content , their features , to administer Your membership , and to enable Users to enjoy and easily navigate the FIFA Digital Platforms . FIFA collects information when You register for an account and when You enter into transactions , promotions or sweepstakes . The information collected may include but is not limited to the following personal information : email address , last name , first name , country of residence , date of birth , gender , screen name , password , and opt-in for game and FIFA Content preferences . In order to process some of Your transactions through the FIFA Digital Platforms , We may also ask for Your credit card number and billing information . When You visit the FIFA Digital Platforms , We will use cookies to collect information . Cookies are small data files , which are transferred to a computer 's hard disk in order to memorize information like registration IDs and passwords . A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has originated , the " lifetime " of the cookie and various values . We further utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the FIFA Digital Platforms , to better understand how You interact with the FIFA Digital Platforms and to monitor aggregate usage by FIFA Digital Platforms ' users and web traffic routing on the FIFA Digital Platforms . Session ID cookies are , unlike persistent cookies , deleted from Your computer when You log off from the FIFA Digital Platforms and close Your browser or FIFA App . Please note that You can always choose to block cookies by updating Your Web browser privacy settings . To do so , You will have to access the Help menu in Your browser 's menu bar and search for the term cookies . Please however take note that , if You block cookies , You may not be able to use all sections of the FIFA Digital Platforms or all functionality of the Services . Other third parties that are presenting advertisements on or within the FIFA Digital Platforms may also set and use cookies to access Your computer . Please refer specifically to each third party website and statements of privacy to understand their procedures for collecting , using and disclosing personal information through their cookies . FIFA automatically collects some information about Your computer when You visit the FIFA Digital Platforms , regardless of whether You have registered for an account or not by just browsing Our servers . For example , FIFA will collect Your IP address , Web browser software , and referring website . We also may collect information about Your location or Your online activity on the FIFA Digital Platforms . Collecting this information helps FIFA customize Your user experience and to monitor and analyze Your use of the FIFA Digital Platforms and the Services . This information is also used for the FIFA Digital Platforms ' technical administration and for the optimization of the FIFA Digital Platforms ' usability and functionalities . FIFA uses billing information ( such as cardholder name , credit card number , and expiration date ) for the purpose of completing the transaction concluded on the FIFA Digital Platforms . We use other information about You for the following general purposes : to provide You with the Services You request ; to manage Your account , including processing bills ; to communicate with You in general ; to respond to Your questions and comments ; to notify You about special offers that may be of interest to You ; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities ; to enforce Our Terms located at http : //www.fifa.com/legal/tos.html ; and as otherwise described to You at the point of collection . Aggregate information shall also be used to customize the advertising . In using the FIFA Digital Platforms , You expressly entitle FIFA to collect and process Your information in particular for such marketing and customization of the Services . You may always revoke Your consent by deleting Your account . Identity theft and the practice currently known as phishing are of great concern to FIFA . Safeguarding information to help protect You from identity theft is a top priority . We do not and will not , at any time , request Your credit card information , Your account ID , login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication . FIFA may send information about You to third parties when : a ) We have Your consent to share the information ; or b ) We need to share Your information to provide the product or Service You have requested ; or c ) We provide the information to companies who work on behalf of FIFA under confidentiality agreements ; or d ) We respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process ; or e ) We believe it is necessary , as determined in Our sole discretion , to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Our Terms located at http : //www.fifa.com/legal/tos.html , or as otherwise required by law . We want You to feel confident about using the FIFA Digital Platforms . For that reason , We have implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure Your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access , use , alteration or disclosure . However , the Internet is an open system and We can not guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use Your information for improper purposes . If You communicate with FIFA by email , You should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain . By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted You accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet . You are entitled to see the information held about You . If You wish to do this , please use the contact form at http : //www.fifa.com/contact/form.html . We may require You to provide verification of Your identity and to pay an administration fee to provide a copy of the information we hold . Please note that in certain circumstances We may withhold access to Your information where We have the right to do so under current data protection legislation . You may review , correct , update , change or delete Your personal information at any time by accessing Your account on The FIFA Digital Platforms . We will accommodate Your request for deletion , if We do not have any legal obligation to retain the record ( for logged in Users : http : //www.fifa.com/theclub/myprofile/profile/edit.htmx or through the FIFA App ) . If any part of the FIFA Digital Platforms link to other websites , those websites do not operate under this Privacy Policy . If You choose to visit an advertiser or click on another third party link , You will be directed to that third party 's website . We do not exercise control over third party websites and therefore recommend You examine the privacy statements posted on these other websites to understand their procedures for collecting , using and disclosing personal information . We do not on purpose collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If a parent or legal guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 , or ward under 13 , has provided Us with personal information without their consent , he or she should delete the account ( refer to : Updating/deleting Your information ) . If We become aware that a child under 13 has provided Us with personal information without such consent , We will delete such information from Our files . This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time . If We amend this Privacy Policy , We shall place an updated version on this page of the FIFA Website . The FIFA Website and/or the FIFA App may also provide notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to You generally on or within the FIFA Digital Platforms . This Privacy Policy and all matters arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the substantive laws of Switzerland , without regards to conflicts of laws and principles thereof . Any controversy , claim or dispute between You and FIFA arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Commerce ( Handelsgericht ) of Zurich , and each party hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction and venue of such Court . 
Privacy Policy Version Francaise Your privacy is important to us . This Privacy Policy governs the practices of NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC ( " NHL ICE " , the operator of NHL.com , NHL.tv and NHLNetwork.com ) and its affiliates , which include NHL Enterprises , L.P. , NHL Enterprises Canada , L.P. , NHL Enterprises B.V. and the National Hockey League ( collectively , the " NHL Parties " , " us " , " our " and " we " ) . The NHL Parties are committed to undertaking reasonable measures to protect the privacy and security of all of the personal information that is provided to us . Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information . The NHL Parties and their agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances . For example , when you visit NHL.com or NHLNetwork.com , we may collect personal information from you such as name , home address , e-mail address , age , favorite NHL team , purchase history , products used or searched for , phone number used to call customer service and credit card information for purposes such as events and contests ; registrations for our newsletter , multimedia offerings such as NHL GameCenter LIVE , social media pages , chat rooms , bulletin boards and other public forums such as NHL Connect ; shopping in the shopping area at shop.nhl.com ( the " Shop " ) ; bidding on and purchasing items in the auction area at auction.nhl.com ( the " Auction Site " ) ; and participation in other promotions and interactive online activities . We may collect personal information with your consent or as required or permitted by law . Specifically with respect to the Shop , we may collect personal information , for example , when you register , sign in , search , purchase products , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service . We may also automatically collect certain types of information , including the telephone number used to call customer service and , if you visit our Shop , information collected through " cookies " ( see below for more information about how we use cookies ) . In addition a third party may actually operate the Shop and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Shop described in this Privacy Policy , and will collect personal information when you visit the Shop and in connection with processing transactions at the Shop . The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop . Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website . Specifically with respect to the Auction Site , we may collect personal information ( including credit card information ) , for example , when you register , sign in , search , bid on or purchase products , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service . We may also automatically collect certain types of information , including the email addressed used to contact customer service and , if you visit the Auction Site , information collected through " cookies " ( see below for more information about how we use cookies ) . In addition a third party may actually operate the Auction Site and provide customer service and other functions with respect to the Auction Site described in this Privacy Policy , and will collect personal information when you visit the Auction Site and in connection with processing transactions at the Auction Site ( which may include providing your personal information ( including credit card information ) to the vendors of the items you have bid on so that your purchase can be fulfilled ) . Additionally , certain third parties ( such as companies that run certain fantasy games on the website , and/or companies that run certain public forums like NHL Connect ) may collect personal information from you and share some of the personal information with us . On these parts of the website , you will see additional information about the privacy practices of the companies who actually collect the data , including information on how to opt out of having these companies use your personal information for purposes unrelated to providing you the services that you are requesting from the website . These companies and not the NHL Parties are responsible for the treatment of your information by these companies . Web sites of NHL member teams may also collect personal information from you . These NHL member team web sites contain privacy polices ( sometimes referred to as privacy statements ) that you should review to understand how the applicable NHL member teams may use your information . The NHL member teams and not the NHL Parties are responsible for the treatment of your information by the NHL member teams . If you choose to register for any NHL member team web sites at the same time as you register for one of our web sites , the terms of the Privacy Policies for such NHL member team web sites are incorporated herein by reference . We may use your personal information such as your name , home address and e-mail address to send marketing communications to you . We may use other personal information you provide , such as your favorite NHL team , to send you particular communications that we believe will be of interest to you . We may also share personal information amongst the NHL Parties and with the member teams of the National Hockey League for this same purpose . The NHL teams have informed us that they will enable you to opt out of receiving information from them . While most of our fans appreciate receiving marketing communications and having their personal information shared with NHL teams , we respect the right of each fan to control how his or her personal information is used . If you do not want us to provide your personal information to our teams , or if you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can opt out when the personal information is collected . In addition , if you are receiving marketing communications from us and wish to unsubscribe , you can do so by following the opt out instructions contained in the marketing communications you receive from us . For example , each of our marketing email messages contains an unsubscribe link that you can use to opt out of receiving marketing communications . Additionally , you can opt not to receive information from the NHL Parties at any time by logging into your account at NHL.com and adjusting your email preferences by clicking on " MY ACCOUNT " or going to https : //account.nhl.com/registeredfanemailpreferences.htm ; if you do not have an account at NHL.com , you can register at https : //account.nhl.com/registeredfancreateaccount.htm , and then set your email preferences accordingly . We may also use your personal information such as your name , home address and e-mail address to send you offers from our marketing partners and other business partners , and we may share such personal information with certain of these partners so that they may send you offers directly , if you have opted to receive information from such partners . In addition , if you are a customer of our Shop residing in the U.S. , and have opted to have us do so , we may furnish your personal information to entities ( " Market Researchers " ) we believe to be trustworthy that may use this information to identify you as a prospect for one or more of the Market Researchers ' customers . If they so identify you , they may provide and cross-reference information , including personally identifiable information , to certain of the Market Researchers ' customers , who may contact you regarding services or products that may be of interest to you . If you have opted not to receive communications from us , we may share that information with third parties who send communications relating to our products or services to ensure that you do not receive those communications . Personal information may be used or disclosed among the NHL Parties ( which includes organizations outside of Canada ) for internal audit , management , billing or administrative purposes . We do provide personal information to agents who perform services for us or supply goods ( such as fulfillment companies ) , including companies outside Canada . These agents are contractually prohibited from using the personal information for any purposes other than as directed by the NHL Parties , subject to requirements in relevant jurisdictions , including foreign jurisdictions , applicable to those organizations . For example , we may also share your personal information such as name , address and telephone number with certain third parties such as manufacturers of products you purchase to complete or ship your order or assist manufacturers with your questions concerning products offered by the Shop . Additionally , we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . We may also employ other companies ( including Market Researchers ) and individuals to perform functions such as fulfilling orders , customizing products , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , performing credit checks and approvals , detecting fraudulent orders , processing credit card payments , collecting on delinquent accounts and providing customer service , and we may share your personal information with these companies and individuals . In addition , we may use information automatically collected from you , including the telephone number used to call customer service and information collected through cookies , for uses such as customer service and detection of fraudulent orders . We may also use aggregated , non personally identifying information collected from you when shopping at the Shop to improve our marketing and promotional efforts , to analyze site usage , improve our content and product offerings , and generally to improve the Shop and better tailor it to meet your needs . Personal information may be used by the NHL Parties and disclosed to parties connected with the contemplated or actual financing , securitization , insuring , sale , assignment or other disposal of all or part of the NHL Parties or our activities or assets , including for the purpose of permitting such parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with such transaction and to fulfill reporting , inspection or audit requirements or obligations to such parties . In the event that all or part of the NHL Parties or our activities or assets is sold , assigned or otherwise disposed of , personal information we have collected will be used and disclosed by such parties for substantially the same purposes as described in this Privacy Policy . We also use personal information for : maintaining records for reasonable periods , and generally managing and administering our activities ; meeting legal , regulatory , insurance , security and processing requirements ; and otherwise with consent or as permitted or required by law . The NHL Parties may otherwise disclose personal information as necessary to meet legal , regulatory , insurance , audit and security requirements , with your consent , or as permitted or required by law . If you would like more information on our personal information sharing practices or the choices you have with regard to your data , please email privacyemails @ nhl.com . Note that a third party may actually operate the Shop and use and disclose your personal information for that purpose among other purposes . The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop . Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website . NHL member teams may use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the privacy policies set forth on their web sites . You should review the privacy policies for NHL member team web sites to understand how the NHL member teams may use your information . The applicable NHL member team and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by such NHL member team . From time to time , we may place a " cookie " on your computer . Our third party service providers and ad servers may use cookies as well . A cookie is a file written to your computer 's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage , such as your IP address , computer and connection information such as browser type and version , operating system and platform and domain name . In addition , if you visit our Shop , we may also use cookies to collect information such as purchase history , Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) , clickstream to , through and from the Shop , including date and time , cookie number and products you viewed or searched for , as well as to hold selections in a shopping cart when you leave the Shop without checking out . ( Note that a third party may operate the Shop . The third party operator of the Shop and not the NHL Parties is responsible for the treatment of your information by the third party operator of the Shop . Information about the privacy practices of the third party operator of the Shop is on the shop.nhl.com website. )  If you submit personal information to our web site ( such as your name , interests or preferences ) , we may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits . We use cookies to enable features such as our QuickPoll , our Shop , contest administration and for other internal site administration purposes . In addition , our ad servers may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this and other web sites to customize delivery of advertisements to this and other web sites . You may elect not to have such information used by our ad servers for such purpose by opting out at the web site located at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies . If you decline acceptance of cookies , however , you may experience less than optimal performance of our web site . Web servers operated by us , and by third party service providers and advertisers , may automatically collect non-personal information about which pages you visit , as well as your IP address or domain name . We may use this information for various purposes , such as tailoring our web site content , targeting promotional messages , and assessing the amount of traffic to various parts of our web site . We may also provide this information on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our marketing partners and/or advertisers . We use third party analytics service providers to analyze the user experience on our websites by incorporating tracking pixels , agents or any other visitor identification technology that collects anonymous data . No personally identifiable information is ever collected from these analytics service providers . This analysis is performed using anonymous data collected from our websites . Consent may be given by your authorized representative ( such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney ) . When you voluntarily provide us with your personal information , we assume you consent to its collection , use and disclosure in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as described at the time of collection , subject to any uses and disclosures you have opted not to participate in . In some circumstances , we may expressly request your consent to the collection , use or disclosure of your personal information or provide you with an opportunity to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information . In some limited circumstances where permitted or required by law , we may collect , use or disclose your personal information without your consent , for example , to collect a debt that you owe to us , to comply with a court order or to comply with local or federal regulations or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency . You may withdraw your consent to our collection , use and disclosure of personal information at any time , subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice . Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information , we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services . We have adopted reasonable security measures , appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information , against unauthorized access , disclosure , loss or destruction of personal information . These measures may include technological , physical and organizational methods of security . We maintain a file of the personal information you provide , which is accessible at NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC , 1185 Avenue of the Americas , 11th Floor , New York , NY 10036 . Only authorized employees and agents of the NHL Parties who need access to your personal information in the course of their duties will have access to the information . Upon written request , you have the right to access your file and to challenge or request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date personal information about you that is in our possession or control . In some limited circumstances , we may not be able to grant you access to your information , for example , if doing so would threaten the security of another individual . If you wish to access your personal information in the possession/control of the NHL Parties or make corrections to it , please send an e-mail to privacyemails @ nhl.com . If you have any comments , complaints or questions about our privacy or security practices or about your information that is in our possession/control , including its accuracy or integrity , or if you wish to change your preferences as to how we use the information , please send an e-mail to Privacy Director at privacyemails @ nhl.com . Please note that the nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com websites contains links to websites that are not operated by the NHL Parties . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites , and we recommend that you view the privacy policy posted on each site that you use to confirm that the site 's policies are acceptable to you . The nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com websites are operated by NHL Interactive CyberEnterprises , LLC , for the benefit of the National Hockey League member teams , our affiliates and corporate sponsors . All questions about our policies related to children 's personal information and our personal information sharing practices should be directed to NHL ICE at privacyemails @ nhl.com . Pursuant to California law , certain customers who are California residents have a right to prevent disclosure to third parties for their direct marketing purposes of the customer 's personal information that he/she provided to us . Those customers may do so by filling out the form on http : //nhl.ed4.net/enroll/login.cfm to update their profile , and we extend this right to all other customers as well . Some web browsers may transmit do-not-track signals to the websites with which the user communicates . Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature , it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted , and there currently is disagreement , including among participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization ( i.e. , the World Wide Web Consortium ) , concerning what , if anything , websites should do when they receive such signals . We currently do not take action in response to these signals , although , if and when a final standard is established and accepted , we may reassess how to respond to these signals . The NHL Parties reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time . If this Privacy Policy is modified , we will post the modified Privacy Policy and the date of the modification on this website . Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms . Your continued use of the nhl.com , nhl.tv and nhlnetwork.com website constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time . This Privacy Policy relates to all on-line and off-line activities of the NHL Parties . We take our responsibilities to our younger visitors seriously . It is the intention of NHL ICE , the operator of this website , and the other NHL Parties to fully comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Guidelines promulgated by the Children 's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau . In general , we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 ( " children " ) via the website , and we use age screening mechanisms to help prevent children from posting personal information on the website , such as in our fan chat rooms . We do not require children to register or to otherwise disclose personal information to participate in the activities in any KIDS section ( s ) of our website . From time to time , we may offer children the opportunity to enter promotions or contests . In those cases , the child will be asked only to provide an email address , as well as his or her parent 's email address . Upon receipt of the information , we will send an email to the parent indicating that the child has registered , providing information on the program and giving instruction on how the parent can remove the child from the promotion or contest . We will then use the information only to notify the contest winners and their parents that they have won . We require that the winner 's parent provide us with all information needed to award the prize . Information collected during the contest will not be used or stored after the contest ends , other than as needed for legal requirements in connection with the promotion . In no event will NHL.com collect any personal information from children in connection with an on-line contest or promotion other than email address and parent 's email address . In no event will NHL.com use the personal information other than for purposes of awarding contest prizes . We may also post information on the website about other promotions or contests that are open to children but that require other personal information ( such as home address or favorite hockey team ) to enter . For these contests , children will be required to print a paper entry form from the website and have their parents sign and mail or fax the form to us . Children are not permitted to independently provide personal information via the website or to enter these contests online . 
Privacy Policy The steps we will take to protect your privacy when using this website In this Privacy Policy , any use of the words " you " , " yours " or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website whatsoever . Terms such as " we " , " us , " our " or similar expressions shall mean the Football Association Premier League Limited . We take the privacy of our fans , and those interested in this website , very seriously . This Privacy Policy ( together with our Terms and Conditions ) explains the steps we will take in order to protect your privacy when using this website . Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it . We will ordinarily only use your personal information to send you information which you have requested or to otherwise respond to you . Personal information means details such as your name , postal/email address , telephone number , and/or date of birth . We also use and disclose general data regarding your information ( which does not identify you as an individual ) for the purpose of administering and developing the website . All personal information you submit to us will be held in accordance with our responsibilities under the Data Protection Act 1998 and related legislation . As a consequence we will not disclose this to any third party other than :  ( a ) as required as a matter of law ; ( b ) in the reasonable enforcement of our contractual rights ; ( c ) to identify or resolve technical problems arising from the use of the website ; ( d ) to deal with complaints from any party regarding the operation of the website ; ( e ) as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or in those parts of the Website where we collect your personal details . We and/or our member Clubs may at times wish to use personal information supplied by you to inform you of news or offers which we think may be of interest to you . In addition , we or the relevant Club ( s ) may also provide your personal information to appropriate and carefully selected third parties . We will always ask for your consent before communicating with you or allowing the Clubs to communicate directly with you . Please note that should you expressly consent to receive direct communication from a particular Club , you are also consenting to us passing your details on to that Club to enable them to do so . At any stage subsequently you can also inform us that you no longer wish to receive information from us or third parties to which we have passed your data by clicking on the designated hyperlink at the bottom of the relevant communication . If you have chosen to receive emails from a particular Club , your data will be passed onto that club accordingly , will be held in accordance with their privacy policy , and you should contact them directly if you no longer wish to receive communications . Data stored on this website will be stored in a secure manner and we shall use reasonable endeavours to ensure that any such data can not be accessed by unauthorised third parties . A cookie is a small file sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the web browser . For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy . Any links to other websites on this website are outside of our control and are therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy . We are not responsible for the data protection or privacy policies of these websites and accept no responsibility or liability for these policies . Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites . Due to the global nature of the internet , collecting personal data may involve it being transferred to and stored at countries both inside and outside of the European Economic Area . By using this website and providing us with personal information , you consent to its transfer to other countries which may not enjoy the same data protection measures as the UK . Where we have given you or you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site , you are responsible for keeping this password confidential . You may contact us at any time at info @ premierleague.com to ask us to delete any personal information which we hold about you . We recommend that you should regularly review the personal information you have supplied to us to ensure that your information is correct and up to date . You have the right to ask for a copy of the personal data that we may hold about you . To obtain this , please contact info @ premierleague.com with your request . We may charge a small fee to cover our administrative costs for providing this . Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page . Questions , comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info @ premierleague.com or to the Football Association Premier League Limited , 30 Gloucester Place , London , W1U 8PL . 
Privacy and cookies notice This privacy notice applies to the use of personal information by British Sky Broadcasting Limited and its group companies . Any member of the British Sky Broadcasting group may use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information it holds about you for the purposes set out below . Information you 've provided to us , including on our websites . Information about our products and services you 've ordered or enquired about . Information provided by other companies who 've obtained your permission to share information about you . Information about the channels , programmes , advertisements and services you access , for example how you view , record or fast forward them . Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of Sky and/or selected third party websites . For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see the section on cookies . Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites . Technical information from your Sky device ( s ) relating to the service you receive , for example , the collection of diagnostic information . In addition to using your information to provide you with requested products or services and general account management and the management of traffic across our network , we may also use your information in the following ways : To monitor and improve our products , services and websites . We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions , and for fraud detection and prevention purposes . If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified , the details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies . Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information . We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering , for example when : checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities ; managing credit and credit related accounts and facilities ; recovering debt ; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance ; or checking details of job applications and employees . We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies . Please contact us by emailing us at mysky @ bskyb.com if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies . We may also share your information with other companies for debt recovery purposes . For market research . To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements ; to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party ; in the detection and prevention of fraud and other crimes ; and for the purpose of safeguarding national security . We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this privacy notice . Unless you 've asked us not to :  To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services . To send you direct marketing . This may include communications by post , telephone or email and if you 've a Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and/or Sky Bingo account , by SMS , about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including , where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a customer of ours . To provide you with personalised services , such as providing you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising . This means that we have your agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you . To provide you with online behavioural advertising through the use of cookies when you visit our websites . Marketing You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account . You can also click on the " unsubscribe " link in direct marketing emails from us . You can opt out of direct marketing altogether or you can choose between post , telephone and email . Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and Sky Bingo customers can opt out of marketing SMS messages by replying " STOP "  Personalisation ( including tailored advertising )  You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account . Please note that if you opt out of personalisation you will not receive tailored advertising . This means you will still see the same number of adverts but they will be ones that appear as standard . Online behavioural advertising If you do not want to receive online behavioural advertising , or do n't want any information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section on cookies . You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in emails , or via your MySky account . Any queries or comments about this privacy notice or for requests of copies of the information we hold about you should be sent to dp @ bskyb.com or to Customer Relations , Sky Subscriber Services Ltd , PO Box 43 , Livingston , West Lothian , EH54 7DD , UK . Please ensure you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by contacting us on 08442 414141 or through MySky . 
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents The Information We Collect How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand Canada Privacy Information This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada . Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy . Your privacy is important to us . To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries . Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice . Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities . Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information . We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services . For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines . At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number . We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information . back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest . We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you . We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request . They may contact you with special offers of possible interest . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account . If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us . You hereby consent to this . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services . We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request . Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc . We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf . Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit . To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person . Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy . Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data . If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses . back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . ( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here . To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below . Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours . Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information . You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information . Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties . By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties . Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information . Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements . This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) . For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page . To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device . Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences . Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services . Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information . We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) . Most browsers automatically accept cookies . You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser . However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content . However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered . If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions . Local Shared Objects : Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device . Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way . Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings . For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html . HTML 5 : HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities . This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users . Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past . Web Beacons : Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses . A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF . Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed . These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above . These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf . These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information . We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content . back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect . No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen . We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates . We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below . At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records . By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) . We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information . Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction : ( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity . Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements . We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws . Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity . Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above . The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children . For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested . This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc . The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it . If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc . Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 . 
PRIVACY POLICY Effective , November 2011 Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to you how we collect , use , and share information we obtain through your use of the Internet sites , applications and services ( Services ) that are operated by , controlled by or are affiliate with Vox Media , Inc. , including without limitation SB Nation and The Verge ( collectively , we , us or our ) . This Privacy Policy does not govern our use of any information you provide to us when you call us , write to us , or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services . Because the Internet is global , information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to , processed in , and held in countries ( including the United States ) other than the one in which you reside . By using the Services , you explicitly consent to such use of your information and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy . We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how our users use the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Usage Data ) . For example , each time you visit the Services we may automatically collect your IP address , browser and computer type , access time , the Web page you came from , the URL you go to next , and the Web page ( s ) that you access during your visit . We will use such Usage Data to diagnose problems with our servers and software , to administer the Services , and to gather demographic information . Our third-party advertising networks and servers will also provide us reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any individual . You can visit the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Personal Information ) . If , however , you wish to register to become a member of the Services , you are required to provide certain Personal Information ( e.g. , your name and e-mail address ) , and we ask that you also provide a user name and password . We use your Personal Information to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve our Services , and to contact you from time to time about us , and our products and services . You may also choose to submit additional information about yourself ( for example your gender , birth date , or zip code ) by which someone could not personally identify you ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Non-Personal Information ) . We may also collect additional information about you when you visit certain features of the Services or the pages of certain of our partners when you interact with offers and advertisements , when you contact us for support , when you log into the Services with your account , when you complete a survey , or when you enter promotions . Finally , you may choose to submit your alias , bio , email , photos or any other information that you would like to share with other users of the Services ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as Shared Information ) . ( a ) Generally . Except as otherwise described in this section of our Privacy Policy , we will never share your Usage Data , Personal Information , Non-Personal Information , or Shared Information ( which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as User Information ) with any third party without your permission . ( b ) Advertisers . From time to time , we may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information to enable third parties who serve advertisements on the Services to deliver advertisements that will be relevant to you . We will not share any such information , however , in a manner that would enable the advertiser to personally identify you . ( c ) Aggregated Data . From time to time , we may share aggregated User Information with third parties . We will not share any aggregated data , however , in manner that would enable the recipient to personally identify you . ( d ) Service Providers . From time to time , we may enter into relationships with third parties who provide services to us ( e.g. , data management and storage services or credit card processing services ) . In those circumstances , we disclose User Information that is necessary for such service providers to perform those services and require that they maintain the confidentiality of such User Information . ( e ) Other Disclosure Scenarios . Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary , we reserve the right , and you hereby expressly authorize us , to share any User Information : ( 1 ) in response to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish , protect , or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims ; ( 2 ) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , fraud , or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property ; ( 3 ) if we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services ' infrastructure or the Internet in general ( such as voluminous spamming , denial of service attacks , or attempts to compromise the security of information ) ; ( 4 ) to our parent company , subsidiaries , joint ventures , or other companies under common control with us ( in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy ) ; and ( 5 ) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity . If you identify any User Information as public , you are authorizing us to share such information publicly . For example , you may elect to make certain Shared Information ( such as your alias , bio , email or photos ) publicly available . Also , there may be areas of the Services ( e.g. , message boards , discussion rooms , and other online forums ) in which you are able to post information that will be available to all other users of the Services . By choosing to use these areas , you understand and agree that anyone may access , use , and disclose any information that you post to those areas . We may set and access cookies on your computer . Upon your first visit to the Services , a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser . A " cookie " is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website . Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users . Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent ; however if you reject cookies , you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services . We uses cookies for the following general purposes : ( a ) to track your preferences , such as the address or local zip code you enter ; ( b ) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content ; ( c ) to display the most appropriate advertisements , based on your interests and activity on our Services ; and ( d ) to help us improve the Services by analyzing and estimating our traffic and use of features on the Services . We may also use " pixel tags , " which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services . A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears ; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears ; the time ( and length of time ) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed ; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag ; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer . We may use pixel tags , either provided by us or by our third party advertisers and ad networks , to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you . We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services ( e.g. , sharing buttons ) to collect Non-Personally Identifiable information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance of our Services , such as , web traffic , click-throughs , etc. , in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests . We may use other companies under agreements with us to serve advertisements when you visit and use the Services . These companies may collect and use click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . These companies typically use a cookie , a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags to collect this information . None of them collect any personal information from your computer , such as your e-mail address . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to our cookies . In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users , we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personal Information provided by our users , including zip code and profile . We do not provide this Personal Information to our advertisers when you interact with such an advertisement . However , please note that the advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by us may fit into a certain demographic category ; for example , an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on the Services from a particular geographic area . You can learn more about the advertising companies we work with and what options they may offer you regarding cookies and targeted advertising by clicking here . Many of these companies are also members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance , which each provide a simple way to opt-out of ad targeting from participating companies . We may from time to time offer certain location or pinpoint based services with our applications ( such as , GPS assisted navigation instruction , wireless tower location , triangulation or other available location technologies ) . If you elect to use such location based services , we must periodically receive your location in order to provide such location-based services to you . By using the applications ' location based services , you authorize us to : ( a ) locate your hardware ; ( b ) record , compile and display your location ; and ( c ) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications ( e.g. , settings , user preferences ) . As part of the applications , we may also collect and store certain information about our users , such as , users ' wireless mobile subscriber ISDN and/or IMEI numbers ( as applicable ) and users ' network access identifier information . This information will be used to provide you the services accessed through our applications . We may use third party providers to help provide services through mobile systems and such providers may use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy . We offer you the opportunity to choose not to receive communications from us . If you would like to take advantage of this opportunity , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile . Please note that sometimes these requests may take up to ten business days to process and that we are not responsible for removing information about you from the database of any third party to whom we were authorized to disclose your User Information prior to processing your request . Even if you do take advantage of this opportunity , we reserve the right to send you administrative messages relating to the Services ( e.g. , about changes to this Privacy Policy ) and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered . If you would like to modify or delete from our database any User Information you previously submitted to us , please let us know by accessing and updating your profile . Please note that any User Information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your request , and that if you delete certain information you may not be able to order services in the future without re-submitting such information . Also , please note that we will maintain User Information in our database whenever we are required to do so by law . We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect your User Information from loss , misuse , or unauthorized access or disclosure . Unfortunately , however , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your User Information , we can not guarantee its security . The Services may contain links to other websites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such other website and urge you to review such practices prior to submitting any information to such websites . We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children 's online activities and interests . The Services are not intended for and may not be used by children under the age of 13 . We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13 . We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time . If under any such update we make any material change to the way in which we treat your User Information , we will inform you of such change via email or by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services . Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the date set forth therein . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us by email at privacy @ voxmedia.com . 
Privacy Policy PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY ( THIS " PRIVACY POLICY " ) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE , APPLICATIONS OR ANY OTHER MLB ADVANCED MEDIA , L.P . PRODUCT OR SERVICE . MLB Advanced Media , L.P. is the organization that produces and publishes the Official Website of Major League Baseball , which encompasses MLB.com , the Official Websites of the thirty ( 30 ) Major League Baseball ( " MLB " ) Clubs , the Official Websites of certain other MLB-related properties ( collectively , this " Website " ) , downloadable mobile applications ( e.g. MLB.com At Bat , MLB.com At the Ballpark ) available from third party application storefronts ( " Application ( s ) " " ) , mobile games available from third party application storefronts ( e.g. MLB.com Beat the Streak , MLB.com ) ( " Mobile Games " ) and games and other applications available from third party social media locations and gaming websites ( " Social Games " ) . This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website , the Applications , Mobile Games and the Social Games , all of which will be called " Services " throughout this Privacy Policy , and describes what information we collect , how we may use that information and the choices we offer for you to manage the information we collect related to your use of our Services . Personal Information Collected Via Our Services How We Use and Share Your Personal Information Additional Information About Collection of Location Data Additional Information About Our Access to Your Contacts Other Information Collected And Shared Within Our Services . Other Circumstances When Your Data May Be Shared Managing Your Information Other Information Information You Provide . You may visit and enjoy many elements of our Services without disclosing any personal information about yourself . However , to make use of select , special or enhanced elements of the Services , you will need to share with us certain personal information so those elements may function properly . When you use certain enhanced elements within our Services ( e.g. , create a profile , register for a promotion , make a purchase , or publish a comment ) , the personal information we collect may include , but is not limited to :  Full name , Email address , Password , Street address , Telephone number ( s ) , Birth date , Payment card information , Location data , Contacts ( as stored in your wireless device ) , Other personal data as detailed in this Privacy Policy and data that may be requested from and provided by you . If we collect such information , in most instances , the applicable page ( s ) or location ( s ) within the Services will include statements regarding what information is required for the elements of the Services to function properly and functionality for you to submit the requested or required information . In addition to the list above , there may also be opportunities for you to grant permission for use of other of your information in a manner set forth on the applicable page ( s ) within the Services . If you submit personal information to us , or to any third party acting on our behalf , we may use and share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and as disclosed when you first submit your information . We will not sell , lease , publish or share your personal information with or to anyone else , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy . We may use and share your personal information as described in Section 1 above and we may :  Use your information to provide services you 've requested or provide you with offers , promotions ( e.g. , a sweepstakes , fantasy game , subscription to goods or services , etc. )  or content or add you to our postal mail list ; Share your information with certain third parties , including service providers , sponsors and promotional partners , so they may help us provide services , offers , promotions or content youve requested or otherwise in accordance with the applicable rules of a promotion or terms presented at the time you submit personal information , so the third party can administer the promotion , send you offers or content or add you to their postal mailing list ; Use and share your information with one or more MLB Clubs or entities , to the extent that you 've submitted information or accessed functionality or content that relates specifically to such Club ( s ) or entities ( e.g. , you 've asked to receive the newsletter of a Club or you 've purchased Club-specific merchandise ) , so they may learn more about fans like you , add you to the Club 's postal mail list and provide better services to you ; Share your information upon notice posted on an applicable location of our Services where we collect your personal information for an economic transaction and notify you that we will be sharing such information with a third party ; Use and share your information with our third-party survey partners to send you periodic surveys to help improve our Services or your MLB experience ; Use and share your information in connection with online loyalty , membership or rewards programs operated from our Services or with a third party from which you may receive goods or services in connection with such a program ; or Use and share your information with permission from you . Location Data We Collect . When you use our Service we may solicit your permission to collect your location data . Please be advised , for some features within our Applications to function ( e.g. live MLB game video ) we must confirm your current location and therefore some features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us . The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors , including the device you are using ( e.g. laptop , smartphone , tablet ) and how you are connected to the internet ( e.g. via cable broadband connection , WiFi , etc. ) . If you enable location services for our Applications , we may collect location data ( e.g. zip code ) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications . We may also use this data internally or in conjunction with our third party service providers to customize your experience and provide offers that may be relevant to you . Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications ( e.g. , Apples iOS , Googles Android , Windows , etc. )  you may be able to control from within the settings on your wireless device or the Application ( s ) whether location data is collected . Our Access to Your Contacts . When you use our Mobile Games , we may solicit your permission to access your contacts list ( e.g. , address book ) so that we may match individuals from your contacts lists with those participating in our Mobile Games so you can invite your friends to play with and against you . We will not store the information in your contacts list . Our Cookies and Web Beacons We use and permit automatic methods such as cookies ( small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's or device 's hard drive ) , web beacons ( technology used to track activity , also known as pixel tags ) or similar technologies , alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us . Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include , but is not limited to : personal information as authorized by you , the Internet protocol address used to connect your computer or device to the Internet ; email address ; login name and password ; operating system type , version and computer or device platform ; purchase history ; the full Uniform Resource Locator clickstream to , on and from our Services , including date and time ; and products you viewed or searched . We use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks and mouse-overs ) and methods used to browse away from a page . We use and may allow certain third parties , such as those who provide services associated with our Services , to access these automatic data collection methods to enable you to use a " shopping cart " while using our Services , to store your preferences and to improve , deliver and customize our Services ' content and offerings . Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons ; Network Advertisers We allow select third parties , such as those who deliver advertisements , content , social networking or provide other services associated with our Services , to set cookies , web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the Services or certain emails sent by us . Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as " network advertisers. "  A permitted network advertiser may use cookies , web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with our Services in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within our Services and on other websites within such network advertiser 's ad network . You may elect to opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers by clicking here . If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers or make choices about their use of your information or find additional opt-out tools operated by advertising industry associations encompassing even more network advertisers , please click here . Social Networking When using our Services or when using certain third party social networking services ( e.g. , Facebook , Twitter , Google + ) ( each and collectively , a " Social Network " ) , you may have the option to connect your Website , Application , Mobile Game or Social Game information and activity with your Social Network information and activity . If you authorize such a connection , you permit us to share or publish information about your activity on our Services , with that Social Network and its users , and to access certain of your Social Network information , as disclosed by you at the time you consent to the connection . Information we may share with a Social Network may include , but is not limited to : technical information about your Services activity , your Services comments or the videos you watch on our Services . Information we may access about you , with your consent , from a Social Network may include , but is not limited to , your basic Social Network information , your location data , your list of contacts , friends or followers , and certain of your activities on the Social Network . If you permit a connection between a Social Network and our Services , we ( and that Social Network ) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you . We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or connect to our Services . Device ID When using our Mobile Games , we or our third party service provider may collect your unique device ID and share it on an aggregated and anonymous basis to help us understand our users and provide you a better experience . The aggregated and anonymous data may also be used by our third party service provider in connection with its products and services . If you wish to opt out of this anonymous data collection , please click here and follow the instructions . Aggregated Demographic Information . We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties . This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person . Business Transfers . As time passes , MLB Advanced Media , L.P. may be sold along with its assets , or other corporate transactions may occur . In such a case , our customer information may be one of the business assets we transfer . Disclosure for Legal Purposes . We may be required to share your personal and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas , warrants or orders . If we are required to do so , we will , of course , obey the law . In addition , notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy , we reserve the right to use , disclose or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person , violations of Terms of Use of any of our Services or as required by law . You may choose and control what information you provide about yourself and certain information which is automatically collected via our Services . If you do not wish to provide certain information necessary for enhanced functionality or content on our Services , please do not use such functionality or content . If you have registered for an account through our Services , you may review and revise certain of your account information by clicking here to log in , and then navigating the left-hand menu options . You may modify your subscriptions to our various promotional email communications and newsletters by accessing the " Email Subscriptions " section within your Website account . If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows a user to accept or reject most cookies . Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website , called local shared objects or Flash cookies , may not be managed using the settings in your web browser . Information on managing , accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website . If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects , you may not be able to take advantage of certain Services . If you want to review or revise the personal information you provided during registration or in connection with a purchase or other activity while using our Services , or change the promotional email communications or newsletters you receive from us , you may either ( 1 ) click here to log in , and then click on the applicable left-hand menu option , or ( 2 ) call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275 . If you want to close your Website account and have us delete the personal information in it ( except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes ) , you should call MLB.com Customer Service at 866-800-1275 . Remember that when you share information publicly online , it may be indexable by search engines or recorded by others , and any search engine index or record of your information may persist after you delete the information at the original source . No Spyware or Adware . We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Services , or distribute any commercial message , or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message , by means of spyware or adware . " Spyware " or " adware " is any software which has been downloaded to or installed on an Internet user 's computer or device , without the user 's actual consent , and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user . If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine , there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred . Our Security Practices . The account information associated with any of our Services is password protected for your privacy and security . You choose your password for any of our Services so the strength of that password is determined by you . We recommend that you choose a unique password and not share your password with anyone else . In certain areas , we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions . Links . Our Services contain links to other websites and products produced by MLB Advanced Media , L.P. and to websites and products operated by unrelated third parties . In addition , if you click on an advertisement within our Services , you may be directed to a web page within our Services or to a third-party website or product . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products , and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you . This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services , unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product , in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply . Your California Privacy Rights . If you are a resident of California , pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to a third party for that party 's direct marketing purposes . Any such disclosure made to a third party by us would be otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy . To make such a request please send an email to privacy @ website.mlb.com or write to us at : MLB Advanced Media , L.P. , Privacy Administrator , 75 Ninth Avenue , New York , New York 10011 . Special Rules For Children . Because of federal law , we are not permitted to knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child 's parent or guardian . The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen . Some elements of our Services ( e.g. , shop , ticketing , and auctions ) require the submission of a payment card number along with personal information in connection with a purchase ; other elements of our Services ( e.g. , fantasy baseball ) require the submission of personal information to access or use the Services . Except in certain cases where limited contact information may be collected and not retained , these elements of our Services are available to children under the age of thirteen . If a child who we know to be under the age of thirteen and for whom we have not received parental consent attempts to utilize a service on our Services which is not available to children , he/she will not be able to access it and may receive a message which relays that he/she is not eligible for such feature . Contact Us Regarding Privacy . If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us at :  MLB Advanced Media , L.P . Privacy Administrator Address : 75 Ninth Avenue City : New York , State : New York Zip Code : 10011 Phone : ( 212 ) 485-6142 Fax : ( 212 ) 485-8111 Or send an email to privacy @ website.mlb.com . Notification of Changes . If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy , we will post a notification and link on our Website 's homepage and within our Applications , Mobile Games and Social Games so that you may review the updated policy . LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE : MAY 24 , 2013 
UEFA Privacy Policy UEFA Union des Associations Europennes de Football Route de Genve 46 Case postale CH-1260 Nyon 2 Switzerland UEFA takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully to learn more about UEFA 's use of your personal identifying information that UEFA collect when you visit UEFA 's official website at www.uefa.com ( hereinafter referred to as : the " Website " ) . UEFA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you . You are therefore responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy covers UEFA 's treatment of personal identifying information that UEFA collects when you are on the Website and when you use services on the Website , as described in this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy also covers UEFA 's treatment of any personal identifying information that UEFA 's business partners share with UEFA unless otherwise stated . This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any companies or legal entities that UEFA does not own or control or to any persons that UEFA does not employ or manage , including without limitation third-party advertisers or sponsors to whom you provide information . UEFA is not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from the Website , and UEFA encourages you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect , use and share information . UEFA does not collect personal identifying information when you access the Website homepage and browse the Website without disclosing your personal data except as described in this Privacy Policy or the relevant part of the Website and except cookies ( see below under " cookies " ) . UEFA collects personal identifying information when you register on the Website , when you use certain products or services on the Website and when you enter promotions , sweepstakes or similar services sponsored by UEFA or its business partners . UEFA may also receive personal identifying information from its business partners . When you register , UEFA asks for your name , email address , and some other personal information . Once you register with UEFA and/or sign in to our products or services , you are not anonymous to UEFA . In case you signing in via your Facebook authentication services ( Facebook account ) , UEFA may receive some information from Facebook , but you remain solely responsible for your whole relationship with Facebook , including , without limitation , any content on the Facebook website . In case you terminate your membership with Facebook and/or terminate the links between Facebook and our Website , UEFA will delete all data received from Facebook concerning you if you ask UEFA to do so . You can do so using the same easy way as for the ability to access your personal identifying information as defined in this Policy . Further , Facebook may require UEFA to delete data received from Facebook API in case of violation of their terms . If Facebook will disable any links to our website , UEFA will delete all your date received through the use of the Facebook API , unless it is a basic account information or UEFA have received explicit consent from you to retain your data . UEFA also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your Internet Protocol address ( IP address ) , which identifies your computer , UEFA 's cookies information and the page you requested . UEFA uses information collected for three general purposes : for technical administration of the Website , for research and development to achieve and maintain a high service level and for customer information ( to customise the content you see , to fulfil your request for certain products and services and to contact you about specials and new products and services ) . UEFA will not sell or rent your personal identifying information without your consent . UEFA may send personal identifying information about you to third parties when : UEFA has your consent to share the information ; UEFA needs to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested ; UEFA needs to send the information to third parties who work on behalf of UEFA to provide a product or service to you ( unless otherwise stated so , these third parties do not have any rights to use the personal identifying information UEFA provides to them beyond what is necessary to provide a product or service to you ) ; UEFA responds to courts or authorities ; UEFA finds that your actions on the Website violate UEFA Website Terms and Conditions of Use or any other UEFA 's guidelines or rules applicable for specific services ; or UEFA finds that it is necessary , as determined in UEFA 's sole discretion , to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any persons , violations to UEFA 's terms of use or as otherwise required by law . UEFA may set and access UEFA 's cookies on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computer and stored on your computer 's hard drive . UEFA uses its own cookies for number of purposes , mainly to : access your information when you " sign in " , so that we can provide you with customized content ; keep track of preferences you specify while you are using UEFA services ; estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ; conduct research and development to improve the Website contents and services and achieve and maintain a high service level . UEFA may allow third parties that are presenting promotions or researching users response to advertisement on some of our pages to set and access their own cookies on your computer . Third parties ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this one . UEFA does not knowingly collect personal data from children . UEFA does not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal identifying information to UEFA . Access to your personal identifying information UEFA gives you the ability to access your personal identifying information by sending us an email including in the title of the email the reference to personal identifying information at info @ uefa.com . UEFA allows you to challenge the data that it holds about you and you may have such data rectified , amended or completed . If you communicate with UEFA by email , you should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain . By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which are not encrypted you accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet . In certain areas , UEFA uses industry standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions . Generally , UEFA takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss , theft , and misuse , as well as against unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction . This policy may be amended from time to time . If we amend the Privacy Policy in any way we will place an updated version on this page of the Website . Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we will share it with other parties . If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website . Updating your information You may review , correct , update or change your personal information at any time by accessing your account on uefa.com . UEFA is subject to Swiss data protection laws when collecting and processing personal identifying information . Questions or suggestions If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy , please click here . UEFA.com 1998-2012 . All rights reserved . UEFA.com 1998-2013 . All rights reserved . Last updated : 15/11/12 15.54CET 
World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc . Privacy Policy Updated January 3 , 2014 The website you have entered is owned and operated by , or on behalf of , WWE , Inc. or its affiliates ( collectively , " WWE " , " we " or " us " ) . Please note that this Privacy Policy contains capitalized words or phrases . These words and phrases are defined terms . Their definitions are found either in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms and Conditions of Use ( " Terms of Use " ) . To help you use this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use we have made some words , phrases and headings into hyperlinks . These words , phrases and headings have color highlighting . WWE wants to help you make the most of your visit to our websites , and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy . Most of the features on our websites are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you , however some features require you to provide your Personal Information . For example , when you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service ( such as in the WWE Shop ) , you are required to submit Personal Information in connection with our providing various products and services to you . You may also submit content of your own in areas of our websites and some of that User-Generated Content may contain Personal Information . For those areas of our websites and services that do require us to collect Personal Information or allow voluntary submission of Personal Information , this Privacy Policy will offer suggestions on how to make good decisions for yourself and your family . This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect , use , share , and safeguard information from this website , and in connection with WWE Magazine subscriptions ( whether through the websites , or otherwise ) . The Personal Information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our websites or use the various products or services we offer . This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our websites , and how to correct , change or delete information you have already provided to us . By using this website , you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use our websites . As used in this Privacy Policy , " Personal Information " means any information by which a particular natural person is reasonably identifiable . Personal Information includes , for example a first name or initial and last name ; a home or other physical address ; a date of birth ; an email address or other online contact information ; or a telephone number . When Personal Information is collected , you will know because you will be providing it to us ; for example , you may fill out a form on the website or submit information via your account or profile , or in connection with requesting various products or services . When you make a purchase or sign up for a paid service , we will also collect additional Personal Information such as your credit or debit card information or information concerning any other payment mechanism we accept ( " Payment Information " ) . We will use Payment Information only as described in this Privacy Policy to process and complete the transactions you have requested . WWE is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children who may visit our websites . We encourage parents to spend time online with their children , become familiar with the features of our websites and participate in the activities offered on our websites . For more information on getting involved in your children 's online activities , please go to our WWE Parents site . Our protections for the privacy of children include the following :  We do not knowingly solicit , collect , use or retain any Personal Information , for any purpose whatsoever ( including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes ) , from visitors to this website who are age 12 or younger . In addition , we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention . We do not allow visitors who we know to be age 12 or younger to be listed in any directory of registered users , to participate in any of our chat services , to register for contests , sweepstakes , promotions , or newsletters , or to receive direct marketing from WWE or from our third-party affiliates or service or product providers . We do collect Personal Information as part of registration processes so that users can obtain certain services , such as newsletters , and so that they can set up accounts or profiles . No person may open such accounts or profiles if he or she is age 12 or younger . We do not knowingly allow such persons to register and our websites may employ features and procedures that are intended to help prevent under-age registrations . If we believe that a person who is age 12 or younger has registered with us or set up a profile , account , or has otherwise violated our age-related requirements for a profile , we will terminate that registration and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts to delete any Personal Information we have obtained , including all content from any profile or account . However , in such cases we may retain a copy of the deleted content for law enforcement and regulatory purposes and to protect WWE . We recommend that minors who are age 13 or older consult with their parents before sending any information about themselves over the internet . If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our websites , we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services ( see Opt-Out below ) . We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children . WWE collects Personal Information from visitors to our websites in a number of ways . These include the following :  Subscriptions to our free newsletters , which include updates , special offers and promotions from WWE 's various entities , subsidiaries , and affiliates . Participation in contests and sweepstakes . Registrations to receive free downloadable desktop applications ( e.g. , screensavers ) . Registrations to participate in chat services ( such as WWE.com chat and Pay Per View chats ) , message boards and the gaming area . Registrations to send electronic greeting cards . Registrations for individual accounts or profiles . Purchases of merchandise , magazine subscriptions , Streaming Pay Per View events , and transactions where home delivery is required . E-mail transmitted via various links on our websites . The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary ; however , if you do not provide the Personal Information requested , we may elect to not make the related services available for your use . If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal Information , we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and , if appropriate , share it with other interested parties ( such as manufacturers of merchandise you have purchased from a website ) . If you send us an e-mail , you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception . So , if your communication needs to include sensitive information like your Payment Information or social security number , please contact us by postal mail or telephone ( see contact us below ) rather than e-mail . WWE also collects Personal Information from individuals who subscribe to our magazines , whether this is done online , over the phone , by mail , etc . We must collect certain Personal Information , such as names and addresses , to provide subscriptions . In order to track your use of our websites , " cookies " are employed . We - and our affiliates and advertising partners - use two types of cookies -- so-called " browser cookies " and " Flash cookies " . Browser cookies ( also called " HTTP cookies " ) are pieces of information that are sent by websites and stored in your computer 's hard drive , which provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer to save you from having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our websites . They also allow us and our affiliates and advertising partners to learn how visitors use our websites . This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by tallying pages viewed throughout our websites and logging Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) addresses , browser types , general geographic origin of access to our websites and similar usage data . Flash cookies ( also called " Locally Shared Objects " or " LSOs " ) are also used to remember settings and preferences and to track usage . However , Flash cookies are stored differently on your hard drive and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser . In general , Flash cookies are more persistent and can store more data that browser cookies . Our websites may use other technologies such as pixel tags , web beacons , or other forms of local storage , including HTML5 local storage ( collectively , " other technologies " ) in order to collect and track information about individuals to our websites . Information collected from these types of technologies , and from cookies and Flash cookies , is collectively referred to as " website usage data. "  Website usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors ' interests and to help our affiliates and advertisers better understand the preferences of our audience . Providing website usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible . In general , website usage data information does not identify you , although we may combine this website usage data with Personal Information under this Policy . Our third-party advertisers also may place , access or recognize a browser or Flash cookie on your hard drive or use other technologies to collect and track information about you in order to serve the most appropriate advertisements . Advertisers may use browser or Flash cookies and other technologies in manners that are not fully described in this policy , and we make no promises about how they use them . If you do not want to receive browser cookies , you may be able to set your browser to reject them . If you wish to disable or delete Flash cookies , you should consult the Help file for your Flash application , and/or visit http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html . However , if you turn cookies off ( whether browser or Flash cookies ) , you may not have access to some WWE features and services . The other technologies that our websites may not be able to be disabled ; if you are concerned about this , you should not use our websites . All Personal Information that WWE collects at our websites is transferred to , and accessed from , jurisdictions including the United States . By using this website and/or by submitting Personal Information to this website , you consent to having your information transferred to , and accessed from , any location worldwide , including the United States . You also consent to having your Personal Information processed and maintained in any location worldwide , including the United States . You acknowledge that other jurisdictions may have laws that are different than the law of your home country . We limit the manner in which your Personal and Payment Information is used . We will use the Personal and Payment Information you provide only in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy . If we obtain Personal or Payment Information from a third party , such as a business partner , our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy . We use Personal and Payment Information for purposes such as : providing you the products and services you want ; administering or enforcing transactions you have requested ; protecting your accounts from fraud , unauthorized access , or identity theft ; verifying your identity in connection with transactions you have requested ; and managing our business and protect our interests . We also use Personal Information ( but not Payment Information ) to better understand and serve the needs of the WWE community , and to provide news and information to community members on new content , products services , and features of WWE and/or our websites including , without limitation , via direct e-mail . If you have registered with us and do not want to be contacted in the future by WWE or our advertising partners , please see Opt-Out below . We may share Personal and Payment Information with our service providers to assist us with any of the purposes set forth above ( which , for example , might include disclosures to attorneys , accountants , auditors , credit bureaus , data processors and technical systems consultants ) to the extent necessary or appropriate for them to perform their services to us . In that connection , we may report information about your account ( s ) to credit bureaus and/or consumer reporting agencies . By way of example , if you order a product or service from us or register for one of our contests , promotions , or interactive services , WWE may share Personal Information with other service providers , suppliers and other third parties ( for example , sweepstakes sponsors or delivery services ) that assist us in operating the websites or providing the products or services . Please note that we will release your Personal or Payment Information if required to do so by law , search warrant , subpoena , court order or other legal process . WWE may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to detect or prevent fraud or to protect the rights , property , health or personal safety of WWE , WWE employees , our third party licensors , customers or the public . We may also disclose your Personal or Payment Information if you or your legal representative authorizes us to so or if it is necessary to perform credit checks or collect or report debts owed to us . WWE reserves the right to transfer any Personal or Payment Information in the event we transfer all or a portion of our business or assets , such as bankruptcy , dissolution , merger or acquisition . If such a transfer should occur , the privacy policy of another company may supplant our policy . However , we will use commercially reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee uses Personal or Payment Information in a manner that is consistent with our policy . Our websites contain or may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites , some of which may display WWE 's logos or other WWE content . These websites may have privacy policies ; however , all of these websites and their privacy policies are independent of our websites or this Privacy Policy . WWE is not responsible for compliance with other websites ' privacy policies or data collection practices . You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these websites . Ads appearing on our websites may be delivered to you by DoubleClick , or by other third party advertising companies . Information about your visits to our websites and third party websites , such as number of times you have viewed an ad , date/time at which the ads were shown , the advertisers ' cookies ( browser or Flash ) or other technologies , and the IP address of the computer you use is used to serve ads to you on our websites . We do not have access to the cookies that may be placed by our third party advertising companies . We share website usage information about visitors to our websites with these companies for our purposes , and for their purposes , which include - for example - managing and targeting advertisements , measuring their effectiveness , and for market research analysis . For these purposes , we and third-party advertising companies we use may note the pages you visit on our sites . For more information about DoubleClick please see http : //www.google.com/doubleclick/ and http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ . We will use or retain your Personal Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy . In general , we strive to keep personal Information only for so long as is needed to fulfill your requests , support the services you have requested , process your orders , or comply with the law , although we reserve the right to keep it for a longer period of time . We take what we believe to be commercially reasonable physical , administrative and technical precautions to keep your Personal Information secure , including the use of Transport Layer Security technology ( formerly referred to as secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) technology ) to help protect the transmission of Payment Information and other Personal Information you provide in connection with our services as well as purchases , paid subscriptions or other similar transactions . In general , features on our websites requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving updates , special offers , promotions , marketing or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates or advertising partners by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the e-mail communications you receive . In addition , if after registering , you would no longer like to receive any such information , send an e-mail by clicking here and completing the web form . Indicate your preference to " unsubscribe , " and we will remove you from our list . Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail , so that we can remove that information from our list . If you are a WWE Magazine subscriber and you do not want to receive updates , special offers , or promotions from WWE and third party advertising partners , please indicate this preference using the webform referenced above , and provide your name and the address at which you receive the WWE Magazine so that we can remove them from our list . You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered for more than one of our features or services . You may be able to opt-out of some advertisers ' placement and use of cookies on your computer by visiting the NAI gateway opt-out site but not all advertisers that are used on our websites participate in the NAI opt-out program . Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site . This site will also allow you to review some third party advertising companies ' privacy policies . If you believe your child ( age 12 or younger ) has provided us with Personal Information and/or is receiving access to certain features or services , including marketing communications , we invite you to notify us via e-mail by clicking here . We will endeavor to delete this Personal Information and/or discontinue your child 's access to the related features or services . If you would like to know what Personal Information WWE has concerning you , send an e-mail by clicking here . We will be in contact with you ( by mail or otherwise ) to verify your identity and provide you the information you request . If you would like to correct , update or delete your Personal Information , including providing a new e-mail address , send an e-mail by clicking here . Please be sure to include your old e-mail address . However , any information that has been posted as a comment or blog , gallery , or forum entry can not be deleted by users . WWE reserves the right to delete any User-Generated Content that it determines is no longer of relevance to the community , to free up memory or for any other reason in its discretion . WWE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here and we will change the " Updated " date at the top of this page . If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed . If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail by clicking here . You may also contact at us by postal mail or telephone at :  WWE Member Services 1241 East Main Street Stamford , CT 06902 ( 203 ) 352-8600 If you wish to lodge a complaint about any conduct that you believe is not consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy , please contact : WWE Member Services 1241 East Main Street Stamford , CT 06902 ( 203 ) 352-8600 Send an e-mail by clicking here . 
Full Privacy Policy Last updated : December , 3 2013 This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of NBCUniversal Media LLC including our affiliate companies ( " NBCUniversal " , " we " , " our " or " us " ) . You can find information about NBCUniversal , including our affiliates , here . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , disclose and transfer the information you provide when you interact with us including ( but not limited to ) via our websites , downloadable applications , such as games , interactive TV and Mobile Apps ( as defined below ) that link to this policy ( " online services " ) . This policy only applies to those online services that link to this policy . This policy also tells you how we use tracking technologies , cookies and browsing data we collect from your use of the online services , the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through the online services , and how you can contact us if you have any questions regarding the online services ( including if you want to unsubscribe from our services or update your contact details ) . SCOPE AND CONSENT TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION CHILDREN HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES MOBILE APPS IMPORTANT INFORMATION UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US When you use the online services , you are contracting with NBCUniversal . If you reside outside of the United States , NBCUniversal is your data controller . By using the online services , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy . Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services which take your interests and preferences into account , as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests . There are two main types of information we collect about our online users : Information that identifies you : This is commonly referred to as ' personal information ' and includes , for example , information that you provide to us such as your name , home address , telephone number , e-mail address or payment information ( including your credit card number ) , photos or video footage of you ; and Information that relates to you , but on its own does not identify you : Such as information about your Internet connection , the equipment you use to access our online services and information relating to your usage of those services . There are six main categories of information we collect about our online services users that include ( but are not limited to ) the following : Contact/Registration information : for example , your telephone number or e-mail address , where you have subscribed to a service such as program updates ; name , age , gender or interests when you register for an account on one of our online services ; delivery address where you are buying a product or service through an online service ; or your age , location or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstake offered through the online services . Transaction information : when you order products or services through the online services , you may provide information such as your credit / debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction . Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums : including your username , images or videos . Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums , as information posted to these portions of the online services is public information . Information about your equipment : for example , the type and version of your device 's operating system or web browser . Information about your interactions with the online services : for example , your Internet protocol or ( IP ) address , pages that you visit within the online services , gameplay data or other information collected through Cookies and Tracking Technologies . Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data : if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in ( for example , a Facebook " like " button ) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile ( such as your name , email address , your friend list , photo , gender , location , birthday , social networking ID , current city , the people/sites you follow , and so forth ) . If you do n't want a social network to collect the information about you as described above , or you do n't want to a social network to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services . We may also receive other information ( e.g. , content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on , etc. )  from your interaction with the online services . You agree that we may share your video viewing with , or obtain information about your video viewing from , third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent.The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent . By associating an account managed by a third party with your NBCUniversal account and authorizing us to have access to this information , you agree that we may collect , use , and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We collect your information when you use our online services in three main ways : Directly from you , when you provide it to us : for example , when you request products or services from us , when you register with us , respond to surveys , contact us or otherwise interact with us . Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in , they may share information with us as if they were you , and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us . To protect your privacy , please log out from the online services you use from shared devices . Automatically , when you use our online services : we collect information through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies and when you download our Mobile Apps . Please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and Mobile Apps pages for further information , including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies . From third parties including social networks , from publicly available records and from our trusted business partners . We use information to : provide the services you have requested ; create an online services account if you have requested one ; personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates , including providing personalized advertising on some online services ( see options for opting-out of personalized advertising here ) ; respond to your inquiries , requests , and comments ; allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services , where you choose to do so ; provide technical support for the online services ; prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) on the online services ; protect the safety of users and others on the online services ; enforce our online services ' terms of service ; understand how online services are used so that we can continuously improve them , and the services we provide to you ; send you service-related communications , including announcements and administrative messages ; and send you newsletters and information about products , services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with , in accordance with your communication preferences . Please see Your Rights and Choices for further information about how you can control these updates . Information shared among NBCUniversal affiliates . When you choose to register for an account on any NBCUniversal online service : the information you provide may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates and used to help us better tailor our services , products and advertising to you . Note that you may be registered for different accounts with different NBCUniversal group companies or in different areas of our business . Please visit the account settings page of the applicable online service if you wish you " de-register " from your account or for more information , or e-mail privacy @ nbcuni.com . Information collected automatically : this information collected from your interaction with the online services via Cookies and Tracking Technologies , which may or may not include personal information , may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates for the purposes of research , analysis , marketing and ad-serving . For information about this and your choices see Cookies and Tracking Technologies . Information shared with trusted third parties : Service providers or business partners that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf : Such as for hosting websites , fulfilling transactions , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services and platforms , and processing payments . These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf , or to comply with legal requirements . We take steps to ensure that third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information . Social Networks : You may interact with certain features of the online services that cause information to be published to your social networks . For example , you may click on a Facebook " like " button , which publishes to your Facebook account that you " like " one of our TV shows or movies . On pages of the online services that contain social network functionality , the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you , even if you do n't use that functionality . For example , if a page within the online services contains a Facebook " like " button , Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page , even if you do n't click on the " like " button . To control this sharing of information , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use the online services . For Mobile Apps : In addition , in relation to Mobile Apps we may share your usage and personal information with operating system , platforms providers , carriers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties . Please see our Mobile Apps section for additional detail . Information we share with advertisers ( including Targeted Advertising )  Some online services , including Mobile Apps , may be supported with advertising , and collect data to help the online services serve ads . This helps keep the cost of online services low or free . We may work with advertisers and third party advertising networks , who may receive information about how you interact with advertising provided in the online service . We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you . These third parties may view , edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies . The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy . They might also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device , the mobile websites you visit and other information about you or your device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the online services and elsewhere . For information about your choices relating to these activities , see Cookies and Tracking Technologies . Information shared with other parties In addition , we may disclose your personal information collected through the online services to law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , and content protection organizations to : Protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors or other individuals ; Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties ; Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; Respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; Permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; Comply with the law including with subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , and other legal process ; or Enforce applicable terms of service Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets We reserve the right to transfer your usage information and personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets so that the buyer can continue to offer you the online services . We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with reasonable notice of such transfer , or as otherwise required by law . If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business . Except where otherwise indicated , NBCUniversal online services are general audience sites not designed or intended for use by children under the age of 13 . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children . Except where otherwise indicated we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 . If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child ( who is under 13 ) has provided us with information without their consent , he or she should contact us at privacy @ nbcuni.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time . We maintain procedural , technical and physical safeguards for our online services to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on our online services . We also ask the service providers that help us deliver our online services to so the same . For example , we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our online services . Unfortunately , no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure . It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully . Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk . If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below . Usernames & Passwords It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of any NBCUniversal account . Do not disclose your password to anyone else . Communication Preferences and Opt-outs If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us and you do n't want them anymore , you can unsubscribe . Select the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , by other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below , to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional e-mails . However , you can not unsubscribe from some service related messages . Mobile Apps For additional information about your choices in relation to Mobile Apps see the Mobile Apps policy . Advertising/Cookies and Similar Technologies For more information about your choices for cookies and similar technology ( " Cookies and Tracking Technology " ) including where such technology is used to provide targeted or other advertising on our online services please see our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy . Access and Correction In addition to the functionality provided to you via the online services ( such as using " account settings " for registered users ) , where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review , update and correct it . Some access requests may be subject to a small fee . To help your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information . Please contact privacy @ nbcuni.com for more information about exercising these rights . Data Retention and Deletion We will retain your data for as long as you use the online services and for a reasonable time thereafter . If you 'd like to delete the data that you provided via the online services please use the settings on the online services or contact us at privacy @ nbcuni.com and we will respond in a reasonable time . Please note that some or all of this data may be required in order for the online services to function properly , and we may be required to retain certain information by law . NBCUniversal is based in the United States and may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible to any of our affiliates and third party service providers internationally . Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of protection . If you are located outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect , including personal information , may be transferred to , and processed , stored and used in the United States . Under United States law , your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments , courts , or law enforcement in the United States . By using our online services and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries including those which do not provide an equivalent level of information protection as the European Economic Area ( EEA ) . For more information about the use of Cookies and Other Technology on our online services ( including your opt-out choices ) please see the Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy . Through our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy , we provide opt-out choices . The effect of an opt-out will be to stop targeted advertising , but it will still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes ( e.g. , research , analytics and internal online services operation purposes ) . For more information about our information collection and use practices with respect to online services that are mobile applications ( " Mobile Apps " ) see the Mobile Apps policy . Notice to California Residents : Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information ( as defined by California law ) during the preceding year for those third parties ' direct marketing purposes . If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us at Chief Privacy Officer , 100 Universal City Plaza , 1280 , Universal City , California , 91608-1002 , US . For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code . In the body of your request , please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you . You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response . Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , email , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information . California Business & Professions Code Section 22575 ( b ) ( as amended effective January 1 , 2014 ) provides that California residents are entitled to know how NBCUniversal responds to " Do Not Track " browser settings . NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed . We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created . Links to Other Websites :  The online services may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and / or information ( for example , to sites which are provided by our third party vendors ) . If you access other websites using the links provided , you may leave NBCUniversal 's online services . When you access these other sites , even ones that may contain the NBCUniversal logo , please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , which may differ from ours and we do not endorse or control the policies or practices of that website . You should always read the Privacy Policy of any website you access carefully in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices . From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use . If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of our website or ( 2 ) taking other actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy online . You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our online services . You should check our online services frequently for updates . You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the " Last Updated " or similar legend at the top of this page . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through this site . By continuing to use this online service following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes . If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using our online services . For any queries in relation to this Privacy Policy please contact us at privacy @ nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer , NBCUniversal Compliance Department , 100 Universal City Plaza , 1280 , Universal City , California , 91608-1002 , US . For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at privacy @ nbcuni.com or Chief Privacy Officer , Central Saint Giles , St Giles High Street , London , WC2H 8NU , UK . 
Privacy statement Hattrick Ltd , a company with its registered address at Suites 41/42 , Victoria House , 26 Main Street , Gibraltar , publisher of Hattrick.org , has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy . The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site . Hattrick has under the Gibraltar Data Protection Ordinance of 2004 registered as Data Controller with the Gibraltar Data Protection Commissioner ( http : //www.gra.gi/index.php ?site=dataprotection ) . Hattrick processes the data itself and is the legal entity responsible for processing the data . Further , Hattrick 's Game Masters , as a part of administering and supervising the games , act as Hattrick 's data assistants and process the data , within and outside the EEA area . The game masters have entered into confidentiality agreements with Hattrick to protect your privacy . Since the game masters act as data processors the game masters have no independent responsibility for the processing but all such responsibility is borne by Hattrick Ltd . Hattrick will process your data for the purposes of operating and administering Hattrick , to gather statistics and in supervising adherence to these terms and conditions and the Game Rules and for the specific purposes explained below . Hattrick stores user data that has either been submitted to our system by you ( such as account details or in-game communication ) , data that has been created or logged automatically by our systems ( for example IP logs or game updates ) , as well as any manual notes that has been added by customer service , developers or Game Masters to record account events . We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site . IP addresses are also logged and used for security purposes , and may be used in abuse investigations or to identify cheaters within the game itself . We do not use cookies to extract information from you , solely to simplify your visits , mainly by having cookies remember which language and specific part of the site you want to start your visit with , or to remember last login date so that we can distinguish new users from returning ones . A temporary cookie is also used to keep track of your " session " . Without that temporary cookie ( which is not stored after you quit your browser ) you would have had to log on again on each page . You can turn off cookies in your web browser ( more information about this is available at http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ ) . This will however make it more or less impossible to access many of the functions on our web site . When you follow links from Hattrick to other web sites , these may install tracking cookies on your computer . This is beyond the control of Hattrick . We reserve the right to use cookies for the purpose of serving and/or targeting ads , offers and other marketing messages . No personal customer data is ever shared with the advertising companies . Our site 's registration form requires users to give us contact information ( like their name , e-mail , and postal address ) . Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary . It is in the users interest to submit truthful information , as this is also used to verify the user 's right to his or her account . The customer 's e-mail address is used to send an e-mail verification message , Hattrick newsletters ( this can be opted out from ) , password reminders upon request , inactivity reminders , subscription expiration reminders , order confirmations , information about changes in the terms of use and very seldomly information about new features to users with deleted accounts . Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site . This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis . Our site uses an order form for customers to request information , products , and services . We collect contact information ( like their e-mail address ) , and financial information ( like their account or credit card numbers ) . Contact information from the order forms is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary . Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services . Our occasional voluntary online surveys ask visitors for demographic information ( like zip code , age , or income level ) . Contact information from the surveys is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary . Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site . This information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis . This site contains links to other sites . Hattrick is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites . Hattrick will not share customer data with outside companies or sites , even if we have a special relationship with them . Sponsors , business partners , co-branded sites or content providers may get the opportunity to offer products and services to you within the Hattrick web site , but we will ask you before passing on any of your personal information to other parties . The only exception is if another company needs the data for the operation of the service and they agree to adhere to our privacy policy or if Hattrick would transfer substantially all of its assets relating to the game to another company . This site makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and/or news groups available to its users . Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information . If you upload pictures of yourself , Hattrick will consider your uploading as your express consent to the use of your picture . If pictures would include pictures of your friends or other third parties , you must ensure that such persons have consented to the publishing of the picture before uploading it . All other information that you directly or indirectly create or access within Hattrick is considered to be in-game information and may be accessed and used by us for the operation of the game , including investigations into cheating , fraud or criminal activities . Barring a court order , we will not share such information with third parties other than the police , our Game Masters , our system administrators , our legal representatives and companies that develop or operate the game and have agreed to adhere to our privacy policy . This site has security measures in place to protect the loss , misuse , and alteration of the information under our control . These include firewalls , physical security and password protection . You can choose to terminate your Hattrick account at any time by contacting a local Game Master or if that is not possible by contacting Hattrick at privacy @ hattrick.org . E-mail messages may be sent to all registered users . You can opt out from receiving most messages only by terminating the account . You can opt out from The Hattrick Newsletter under My Hattrick > Preferences > Site Preferences . This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided : - You can change your data under MyHattrick > Preferences . - You can contact your local GM using the in-game messaging tool . If you have any questions about this privacy statement , or the practices of this site , you can contact privacy @ hattrick.org . If you want a copy of your personal data , or if you want us to erase it , please send us a personally signed letter to the address stated above . Hattrick may from time to time revise this Privacy Statement by updating this posting . Such amendments will be communicated here , to the e-mail address stated in your account or through a notice on our home page . Your continued use of this site and the resources enabled by the site will signify and represent your consent to such processing and of the conditions set out in the Privacy Statement . 
Effective Date : August 30 , 2012 This Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) explains how information about you is collected , used , and disclosed by Recreational Equipment , Inc . ( " REI " ) when you access or use our websites or other online or mobile services or applications ( " Services " ) , sign up to become an REI member , shop in our stores , sign up for activities and events , or otherwise interact with us . We may supply different or additional notices of our information practices specific to certain programs or activities . Contents Collection of Information Use of Information Sharing of Information Social Sharing Features Security Your Choices Third Party Advertising , Analytics and Services Your California Privacy Rights Changes to this Policy Contact Us Information You Provide to Us . We collect information you provide directly to us . For example , we collect information when you become a member ; create an online account or profile ; use the interactive areas and features of our Services ; make a purchase or rental ; sign up for contests , promotions , mailing lists , classes , events or recreational activities ; and when you email , call , or otherwise communicate with us . The types of information we may collect include :  Membership and Online Account Information , such as your name , address , phone number , fax number , email address , photos , social media usernames , demographic information , and information about your interests and preferences . Transaction Information , such as your name , billing address , shipping address , phone number , email address , credit card information , and transaction history . REI Adventures and Outdoor School Information , such as medical/health information , fitness conditions , physical characteristics , passport information , dietary requirements , and emergency contact information . Information We Collect When You Use Our Services . We may also automatically collect information about you when you access or use the Services , including :  Log Information : We obtain information about your use of our Services , including the type of browser you use , access times , pages viewed , your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services . Device Information : We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services , including the hardware model , operating system and version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information . In addition , if you connect to REI 's wifi network while in our stores , we collect information about your browsing activity , such as the URLs of the pages you visit . Location Information : We may collect information about your location when you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information . For more details , please see " Your Choices " below . Information Collected by Cookies and other Tracking Technologies : We may use cookies , web beacons , and other tracking technologies to collect information about you and your interaction with our Services , including information about your browsing behavior , purchase behavior , and other engagement with the Services . We use this information in one or more of the ways described in the " Use of Information " section below . Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default , but you can usually change your browser settings to remove or reject cookies . In addition to browser cookies , Adobe Systems Inc. may set a " flash cookie " on your computer or mobile device when you view videos on our Services . To manage and disable " flash cookies , " visit Adobe Flash Player security and privacy . Information We Collect from Other Sources . We may also receive personal information about you from other sources and combine or link that with information we have about you . We use the information we collect about you for a variety of purposes , for example , to : administer your membership and communicate with you about member benefits ( such as your dividend balance and special offers only available to members ) ; provide and deliver products and services , process and complete transactions and send you related information , including purchase confirmations , invoices , updates , security alerts , recall notices and support and administrative messages ; provide , maintain , and improve the Services ; investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities ; respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service ; communicate with you about REI and partner products , services , offers , promotions , news , upcoming events , and other information we think will be of interest to you ; monitor and analyze trends , usage and activities ; personalize the Services and provide advertisements , content , or features that are targeted toward your interests ; and process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes . We may store and process information in the United States and other countries . We may share personal information about you outside of REI and its affiliates , including as follows : with third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf ; we may make our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies we believe may offer products or services of interest to you ; when you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our Services , certain information about you may be displayed publicly on our Services and on third party sites , such as your photos , stories , posts , and other information you choose to provide in your profile ; in connection with , or during negotiations of , a corporate business transaction , such as a merger or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company , joint venture , corporate reorganization , insolvency or bankruptcy , financing or sale of company assets ; if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request ; to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; and to protect REI , our members , our customers , or any other person from harm ; and with your consent . We may also share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information about you . The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools , which let you share actions you take on the Services with other media , and vice versa . The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public , depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature . For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features , please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features . REI takes reasonable measures , including administrative , technical , and physical safeguards , to protect information about you from loss , theft , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction . Your Information . You may update or correct information about you by logging into your online account or calling Customer Service . You may also email us if you wish to deactivate your account , but note that we may retain information about you for legitimate business purposes or as required by law . Promotional Communications . You may opt out of receiving promotional emails and text messages from REI by following the instructions in those communications or changing your preferences via http : //www.rei.com/help/mailing.html . If you opt out of receiving promotional communications , we may still send you non-promotional emails , such as emails about your purchases , account , membership or our ongoing business relations . Location Information . You also have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device , or by following the standard uninstall process and removing all REI applications from your mobile device . We allow third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services . These third parties may use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites , including your IP address , web browser , pages viewed , time spent on pages , links clicked , and conversion information . This information may be used by REI and these third parties to analyze and track data , determine the popularity of certain content , deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites , and better understand your online activity . This Policy does not apply to , and we are not responsible for , third party cookies , web beacons , or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices . For more information about Internet-based ads , or to opt out of having your web browsing information used in this way , please visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or www.aboutads.info/choices . We also use a third party to " power " product reviews on our Services . When you submit a product review , you become subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of this third party , and the reviews you submit may be posted on our Services and on third party websites . California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes . However , under the law , a business is not required to provide this information if it permits California residents to opt in to , or opt out of , this type of sharing . REI qualifies for this alternative option . To opt out of having your information shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes , please call Customer Service . REI may change this Policy from time to time . If we make changes , we will notify you by revising the Effective Date above and , in some cases we may provide you with more prominent notice ( such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification ) . We encourage you to review the Policy to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy . If you have any questions , comments or concerns about this Policy or about our privacy practices , please call our customer service representatives at 1-800-426-4840 ( US and Canada ) or 1-253-891-2500 ( outside the US and Canada ) or send an email message to privacy @ rei.com . You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address :  Recreational Equipment , Inc . Attention : Privacy Officer 6750 S. 228th Street Kent , Washington 98032 
Privacy Policy This privacy policy covers all of the Kinja sites ( " Kinja " ) . Please read this statement carefully before using or proceeding to access Kinja . Your use of Kinja indicates you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and indicates your agreement to abide by the Terms of Service in effect . Kinja is the sole owner of the information collected on Kinja . Kinja may collect information from our users at several different points on Kinja . Comments In order to enhance their use of Kinja , users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest . Commenters may register anonymously . However , if a third party complains that a comment breaches our Terms of Service ( e.g. libels them ) , then in accordance with our Terms of Service , we will make reasonable efforts to contact the commenter and alert them to the situation . If we are required to by law to disclose commenters ' contact information , we will attempt to contact commenters to give them the opportunity to respond to such requests . Please refer to our Terms of Service for more information . Mailing Lists & Service Emails - Kinja may launch a mailing list , in order to provide subscribers with relevant information - breaking news , or weekly or daily round-ups , for example . In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site 's mailing list , users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests . This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services , and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization . Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site . Kinja may from time to time track user email usage in a continued effort to improve our services . Most of the time , these will be content from the site in question , but we may occasionally send out an email from a third party sponsor . This will be infrequent , and does not represent an endorsement by Kinja of any products advertised therein . It will clearly be marked as advertising . Since editorial independence is critical to us , you can be sure that we will never send out a sponsored email in the guise of a glowing product review . If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers , please do not sign up for the mailing list . Comment Service and Cookies In order to further enhance the user experience , Kinja runs a comment service on some or all of Kinja sites where users can discuss common topics of interest . Users have the option of signing up for this service , and to do so must submit some valid information . Kinja uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our Terms of Service and to pick out topics of interest to commenters . Kinja will not pass this information to any other organization except in aggregate form . The Comment Service may use cookies . A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user 's computer tied to information about the user . We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies . For the session ID cookie , once users close the browser , the cookie simply terminates . A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user 's hard drive for an extended period of time . Persistent cookies can be removed by following the user 's Internet browser help file directions . We store a cookie on each user 's machine that contains user specific information . You can configure your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set . If you reject all cookies , you will not be able to use Kinja products or services that require you to " sign in , " and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings . However , not all Kinja services require that you accept cookies . Links Kinja contain links to other sites . Please be aware that Kinja is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Kinja . Log Files Like most standard Website servers we use log files . This includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser type , internet service provider ( ISP ) , referring/exit pages , platform type , date/time stamp , and number of clicks to analyze trends , administer the site , track user 's movement in the aggregate , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . IP addresses , etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information . We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement . First Party Ad Serving The ads appearing on this website are delivered to you by Google 's DoubleClick , our web advertising vendor . Kinja uses only first party data about your visits to this site to serve ads to you . First party data only includes information collected during your current search or visit to our websites . First party data that we collect is not shared with any other third parties and is only used for proprietary ad delivery , ad reporting , and contextual advertising . As such , Kinja is not a participant in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC . Third Party Advertising and Cookies Some of our third party advertising partners may distribute cookies to users in advertisements that are provided to us . Kinja has no access to or control over these cookies once we have received the advertisements from third parties . These advertisers may be engaging in online behavioral advertising as defined by the Digital Advertising Alliance and FTC . Opt-out As part of our commitment to transparency and your privacy , we provide the following links to opt-out of cookies provided by both our first party ad server and many third party advertising partners who may be engaging in online behavioral advertising : First Party Opt-out Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from our first party ad serving vendor , Google : http : //www.google.com/privacy/ads/ Third Party and Online Behavioral Advertising Opt-out Please visit this link to opt-out of cookies from over 50+ major third party behavioral advertising providers : http : //www.aboutads.info/choices/ In the event Kinja goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of a portion of its assets , users ' personal information will , in most instances , be part of the assets transferred . Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy , Kinja may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding , a court order or legal process served on Kinja or affiliates . Kinja has technical , administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to , use or disclosure of user information we maintain . Under our security practices and policies , access to personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access , and sensitive records are to be retained only as long as necessary for business or legal needs and destroyed before disposal . Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store , no program is one hundred percent secure and we can not guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access , use or disclose personal information . If you become aware of a security issue , please email us at legal [ at ] gawker [ dot ] com . We will work with you to address any problems . Whenever Kinja changes its privacy policy , we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy page , and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact the editor of the GM site in question , or send an email to help AT gawker.com , or by mail to Kinja , 210 Elizabeth Street , Fourth Floor , New York , NY 10012 This Privacy Policy is effective February 1 , 2013 . 
This Policy sets forth the terms that apply to any information we collect from you and any information that you share through your use of Cricbuzz website www.cricbuzz.com or m.cricbuzz.com or Cricbuzz Cricket Scores and News application , mobile software accessible from a mobile device ( " Cricbuzz App " ) collectively referred to as " Cricbuzz Site " . We respect your privacy and recognise that you have a right to know about the information we access or collect about you , how your information is being used by us and what we do to protect your information . You provide us information about you on the following occasions : When you log on to Cricbuzz Site through a third party social networking site account , you provide us your account information with such third party social networking sites which may include your email id , your profile picture and profile data . When you create a user account on the Cricbuzz Site , you provide us with , email id , user id and password . When you post or upload your comments , opinions and feedback on the Public Forum of the Cricbuzz Site . When you access Cricbuzz App you allow the Cricbuzz App to access the features of your mobile device such as the phone number , your contacts , IMEI number of your device , whether a phone call is active , the number that the phone call is connected to and the like . The access to your mobile device features is used to stop the radio commentary and terminate internet access when you make or receive a call . However , Cricbuzz does not access or store this information on its servers and the access to your mobile device features by the Cricbuzz App is solely for the purpose of stopping the radio commentary and the internet access when you make or receive a call so as to enable you to make or receive a call without any disruption from the Cricbuzz App . The Cricbuzz App may access your personal contacts stored on your mobile device for the purpose of enabling you to share with your contacts auto generated live scores of a cricket match via SMS as and when you wish to . Cricbuzz does not access or store this information on its servers and the access to your contacts by the Cricbuzz App is solely for the purpose of providing you with the convenience of sharing live scores of a cricket match with your personal contacts as and when you so desire . When you send us a feedback mail , your mobile device 's IMEI number , your device model , OS version and the Cricbuzz App version is automatically accessed by us . Your name and email id is provided by you to us at your discretion . The information specified in this paragraph is used for the purpose of addressing any specific issues that the user may have and for enhancing user experience and user convenience while using the Cricbuzz App . We collect the usage pattern of the Cricbuzz Site through third party tools like Google Analytics . While we do n't know the individual user 's usage pattern of the Cricbuzz Site , we collect the aggregate usage pattern of all users of Cricbuzz Site . However , we are not aware if the third party tools that we use would store individual user specific usage pattern . When you use the Cricbuzz Site you provide us with your IP address . We may use cookies or similar electronic tools to store this information . We may store a cookie on your computer or mobile device which in turn would store information about your geographical location . We collect the geographic location of the users of Cricbuzz Site and only at the city level . The cookie stored on your computer or mobile device may be refreshed once every month so that the information stored in the cookie is the latest and most relevant to you . We retain the right to bust the cookie ( forcibly reset the cookie ) before the expiry of one month from the date of last refresh for any technical reasons . However , any such cookie bust will not target any specific user and will apply to all the users of Cricbuzz Site . The Cricbuzz Site may include links to other websites or web pages . Such sites or pages are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control . Once you leave the Cricbuzz Site ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting . That policy may differ from ours . We use your information for the following purpose . To personalise your experience on the Cricbuzz Site by presenting you advertised products and services that are tailored to you . To communicate with you about your account or transactions and queries or issues that you may have relating to Cricbuzz Site or any of its services and send you information about features on Cricbuzz Site or changes to our policies . To send you news alerts , match alerts and match scores ( if subscribed ) . To optimize and improve the products and services offered by the Cricbuzz Site . To detect and investigate any fraud or illegal activity on the Cricbuzz Site . We do not rent , use , sell or transfer any information collected from you to advertisers or spammers . We may disclose your information when it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences . These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for complying with the applicable laws and regulations . We may disclose your information to law enforcement agencies if we believe that the Cricbuzz Site is being used for any fraudulent activities or to prevent any fraud or any illegal act that we have reasons to believe may be caused on us or through the use of the Cricbuzz Site . Your information may be accessed by our employees during the course of their normal work , however , such employees are governed by confidentiality agreement and access is provided on a need to know basis for fulfilling the responsibilities assigned to them by us . Your information may be accessed by third party service providers who are engaged by us to provide any services relating to the Cricbuzz Site ( such as maintenance services , database management , web analytics etc ) . These third party service providers have access to your information only to perform the task assigned to them and are governed by confidentiality agreement . In the event ownership or control of Cricbuzz Site is acquired by a new owner , your information may be transferred to the new owner as such a transfer may be necessary for the continued operation of the Cricbuzz Site . Any changes to the privacy policy by the new owner will be notified here . We take industry standard security measures to protect your information . These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store user data . All information gathered is securely stored within controlled database . The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited . However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet . The internet is a fast evolving medium and changes to the policy may be necessary to address any future requirements . If we make any changes to the policy , users will be notified of the changes here . If you have any questions or suggestions or wish to make a compliant you can contact us at privacy @ cricbuzz.com or write to us at the following address : Akuate Internet Services Pvt Ltd . No. 190-B , 1st Floor , HN Plaza , Above Corporation Bank , 100 Ft Ring road , 6th Main , BSK 3rd Stage , Bangalore . 560085 , INDIA Phone : +91 80 40965631 Email : info @ akuate.co.in 
Privacy policy Share 62 inShare 0 Email theguardian.com , Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00 BST This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ( " our sites " ) by Guardian News & Media Limited , and Guardian News & Media LLC ( " GNM " ) . If you use GuardianWitness , please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy . At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons : 1 . To provide personalised services unique to individual users . 2 . To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer 3 . To sell advertising space on the site . This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it . 4 . If we have permission from the user , to market services to them . There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide . Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites . Please follow the links below for further information . Our principles How we use your information Using information about children Updating your personal information Who we share information with Use of cookies About our advertising Legal information and how to contact us Changes to the privacy policy 1 We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately . This means : - we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information ; and - we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us , they have appropriate security measures . 2 We will respect your privacy . You should receive marketing emails only from us and , if you agree , from other organisations we have carefully chosen . We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices , for example , we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing . However , we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration , your subscription account or postings , for example , with reminders , warnings or copyright requests . 3 . We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so , such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions . 4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it . 5 We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely . 6 Our site is accessible via the internet . This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website , for example , comments about an article . 7 If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , it will only be done with the relevant protection ( stated under UK law ) being in place . What information do we collect ? We collect information on you : when you register when you use the website through cookies if you choose to reveal information in postings , and when you enter sales promotions and competitions . Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information , such as where you are , so the service can be provided as designed . In particular , this may apply to certain apps that you download , or which we provide . Registration The minimum information we need to register you is your email address and a password . We will ask you more questions for different services , including sales promotions . Unless we say otherwise , you have to answer all the registration questions . We may also ask some other , voluntary questions during registration for certain services ( for example , professional networks ) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are . This also allows us to personalize services for you . After you have registered , we may send you emails we think may interest you . At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ' unsubscribe ' . Logging in using social networking credentials If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in , you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us . This will include your name , email address , date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity . You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile . This will also allow us and Facebook to share your,networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings . If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings , we will no longer have access to this information . If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in , you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us . This will include your name , email address , date of birth , sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity . You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile . This also allows us to share your networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings . If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings , we will no longer have access to this information . If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in , we receive your avatar ( the small picture that appears next to your tweets ) and twitter username . Use of children 's data Except for children 's books , we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 . ' Children 's books ' is a service for children . However , they need parental permission to join . We do not display personal information about children on the site , and we read through all contributions before they are published . For any questions about children 's books , please contact : Children 's books , Guardian News and Media , 90 York Way , London , N1 9GU or email childrens.books @ theguardian.com . We offer a ' My details ' page ( also known as Dashboard ) , where you can update your personal information at any time , and change your marketing preferences . You can get to this page from most pages on the site simply click on the ' My details ' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in . Who we share data with We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission . If we have your permission , we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully . We may make other organisations ' services available , such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop , through our sites , although we are not necessarily operating these sites . We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy . Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies . We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users . Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply . We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards . We may use service providers to help us run these sites ( or services available on the sites ) , some of whom may be based outside the EEA . Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations ( such as the ' Facebook Recommend ' function ) . These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages . If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us , information they collect may be connected to your account on their site . For more information on how these organisations use information , please read their privacy policies . We use cookies for a number of reasons . 1 For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites . We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited , and by which types of users and from which countries . 2 We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information , sometimes through cookies and web beacons , ( information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors ) . Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk , guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk . 3 We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it . You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy . 4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in , and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been . Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use . You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy , including how you can ' opt out ' . 5 We may use ' Flash ' cookies to store your preferences for your media player ( for example , volume and so on ) . If we do n't use them , you may not be able to watch some video content . You can turn cookies off but if you do this , you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising . This is because we wo n't be able to limit what you see by using cookies . However , you will still be able to see our editorial content . 6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you . For more information about cookies and managing them , including how to turn them off , please visit our page on Cookies . By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described . In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) . OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website . It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site . It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you . As you browse our sites , some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies , so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests . For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles , you may be shown more adverts for food and drink . It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name , email address , postal address or phone number . We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners . This may mean that when you are on other websites , you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com . We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites . Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites . For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop , you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing . This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase . The privacy policy of criteo , one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here . criteo.com/en/privacy-policy . If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising , this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites . It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you . If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it , please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org ( if accessing from the US. )  Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp , quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers . Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application . Other Advertising Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue . Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' , ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' . Legal information and how to contact us Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 we have to say who the ' data controller ' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites . The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and , in our case , is Guardian News & Media Limited , King 's Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU . If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any questions about how we may use it , please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above . Or , email dataprotection @ theguardian.com . If you have a dispute with us Our American office , Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce . As part of our involvement in the safe harbor , we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework . If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it , you should first contact us ( using the contact details provided above ) . For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe , by fax to 415-520-3420 , or by mail to Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 . If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company . For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above . The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English . Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here . Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details . Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes . Changes to this policy by date November 2004 : cookie information moved to separate page ; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner ; legal information under the Data Protection Act added . May 2008 : principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors ; contact details updated . August 2009 : contact details updated , useful links updated , some headings added and a new section headed " advertising and affiliate links " added . July 2011 : Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences , contact details , further information provided about online behavioural advertising , cookies , and the ' Who we share data with ' section has been updated . September 2011 : Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com , information on use of children 's data added . October 2011 : Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added . February 2012 : Additional provision included in ' How we use your information ' to address certain data that we may collect , especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data . April 2012 : Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication . February 2013 : Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added . May 2013 : Information on mobile device advertising added . July 2013 : References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com . August 2013 : Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark . 
Privacy Policy FlashScore.com respects the privacy of visitors to our site . We are committed to protecting your privacy online . We use information we collect about you to provide you with the services which you may access through our web site . We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here , we inform you how we collect information , what we do with it , who has access to it and what controls you have over its use . We do not collect any personal information where you simply browse our website . We do require that you supply some information where you use basic services provided through our website . Nevertheless , we may , upon registration or at other times , ask you to submit your e-mail address . You are under no obligation to provide us with this information . However , if you should choose to withhold requested information , we may not be able to provide you the services required . We will only use the information you provide to us for the following purposes : - Send you forgotten password to your personal account - Send you information we think you may find useful , including our products , services information and commercial / advertising materials . - Provide advanced services . - Improve the content of our web page . - Personalized page content and/or layout . We do not sell , trade or rent your information provided to us to others . We can only transfer this information to other subject in case of sale of whole site . We may need to disclose your provided information to third parties where this is required by law or where this is necessary for the function of a service provided to you . We may provide statistics about visitors , sales , traffic , etc. to third party vendors but these will not include any identifying information . Users who do n't wish to receive our emails anymore can unsubscribe by writing to provider via contact form . When you visit our Site , we automatically log your IP address and pages visited . It help us administer the Site and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use . A " cookie " is information stored on your computer by a web server and used to customize your web service in some way . FlashScore.com site uses cookies to store information about your interactions that may be needed later to perform a function . You can choose not to accept cookies and still use our services . However , you can be unable to use the cookie-dependent features . Refer to the help information in your browser software for instructions on how to disable cookies . You consent to our collection and use of information and to the use of that information in accordance with the privacy policy set out above . If we change our privacy policy in any way , we will post these changes on this page . FlashScore.com is provided by : LiveSport Media Ltd , CMS House , First Floor , St. Peter 's Street , San Gwann , SGN 2310 , Malta , Company ID : C 54555 . Partners Recommended Sites SOCCER| TEN 
Scout.com PRIVACY POLICY North American Membership Group , Inc . ( " Scout " or " we " or " us " ) operates the website http : //www.scout.com ( " scout.com " or " Site " ) , which is an integrated network of websites that provides public forums and publishes exclusive content focusing on high school , college and professional team sports . The services Scout offers include any Scout-branded URL , Premium Subscriptions , which allows users to view premium online content and participate in premium forums , magazine subscriptions , public forums and any other features , content , or applications offered from time to time by Scout in connection with Scout 's business , including when accessed via the Internet , mobile or other device ( collectively , the " Scout Services " ) . As set forth in our Terms of Use , Scout.com is a general audience website , is not targeted to children , and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy describes Scout 's collection , use and sharing of personal information about users ( e.g. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) through Scout Services where that personal information is not otherwise publicly available on the Site . This Privacy Policy also describes generally Scout 's practices for handling non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , user interests , demographics , or Site usage ) to the extent such non-personally identifiable information is associated with a particular user or user account . This Privacy Policy applies to all " users , " including visitors ( users who use some of the Scout Services without being registered with Scout ) , " Members " ( users who have registered with Scout ) and " Subscribers " ( Members who have purchased a Premium Subscription or magazine subscription ) . User Submitted Information Membership Account Registration Information is the required information that a user must provide to us when they register as a Member with Scout.com ( " Member Profile , " also called a " user account " ) , and may include information such as an email address , password and a security question ( " Required Registration Information " ) . When you register you will be required to register with a specific college , NFL , MLB team or high school page ( " Preferred Team Website " ) . The Preferred Team Website may be operated or owned by a third party service provider selected by Scout Premium Subscription Information . If you elect to purchase a Premium Subscription through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information , including your credit card information , billing address or other payment information ( collectively , " Personal Financial Information " ) , full name , phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such Scout Services . You must be 18 years of age or older to submit Personal Financial Information on the Site , including to place an order on the Site . Public Forum Login Information . If you elect to post comments on any of the public forums provided on the Site you will be required to select a username and provide your email address . Your username will be public , which means it is available to everyone and will be displayed in search results on Scout.com and on external search engines . Please select your username carefully . We may also collect user submitted information in an offline or manual format , such as a postcard . In such circumstances , you will be provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy and other relevant information . Site Collected Information Site Activity Information . When users visit the Site , we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the Site , our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the Scout Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it . We also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( including browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe flash technology including cookies ) , which are small bits of data that often include an identifier . Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website . We may use these technologies to gather information about your usage of the Site , such as pages you have visited , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . Third parties that support Scout.com by serving advertisements or providing Scout Services , such as allowing users to share content , view premium content , or post to the forums or tracking aggregate Site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . Scout does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . Scout may also work with third-party companies to display ads on Scout and elsewhere on the Internet . These companies may use cookies ( a small text file ) , pixels , or similar technologies that are placed in browsers to gather information about your visits to Scout as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet . These companies use this information to provide you more relevant advertising known as interest-based advertising . Some of these companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) . The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use . Visit www.aboutads.info to exercise choice with respect to participants of the DAA . If you change computers or browsers , use multiple computers or browsers , or delete your cookies , you may need to repeat this process for each computer and each browser . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through Scout Services . Third Parties . To improve the quality of the Scout Services , we may supplement the information we collect with information that is collected or provided by third parties . Means of Notice and Choice . This Privacy Policy is the primary means by which Scout provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information . Scout will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission . Privacy Policy Changes . Scout may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information , we will notify you to seek your consent either through an email or a prominent posting on the Site . Location of Data Storage . The Scout Services are hosted in the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to , stored and processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws and regulations may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Websites . The Scout Services may also be linked to other websites operated by Scout ( " Affiliated Site " ) or third parties . Scout is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Scout Services via a link , or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site . Additionally , users who visit an Affiliated Site should still refer to the Affiliated Site 's separate privacy policy , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or have its own privacy statements . Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Third Party . You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party company on the Site and that all payment obligations related to such purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party company 's privacy policy . You further acknowledge and agree that Scout will have no liability for or control over such independent third party company 's use or protection of your Personal Financial Information . You should check the privacy policy of the independent third party company 's website to determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects from you and/or processes . You acknowledge and agree that in the event that such independent third party company experiences a data breach that compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information , Scout shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach . You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding any such data breach . Scout 's Use and Disclosure of Information We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe the sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy . In addition , Scout may share your personal information with Affiliated Companies . We use the information you provide us for the following purposes :  To provide and manage the Scout Services . We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Scout Services and features to you , to measure and improve those Scout Services and features . To allow third party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Scout Services . Scout may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers such as contractors , vendors and agencies , who help us manage or provide Scout Services by , for example : developing or supporting the Scout Services and features ; collecting , transmitting , storing and/or processing Personal Financial Information , fulfilling Premium Subscriptions orders ; administering message boards , or processing data or statistics . These third-party service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to you and Scout . To contact you . Scout may periodically send promotional materials ( e.g. , newsletters ) or correspondence related to the Scout Services to the email address you provided to us at registration . If you want to stop receiving correspondence from Scout , you can change your " My HotList " Preferences settings under " My Profile , " or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Scout Services or policies . To protect the rights of Scout and our users . There may be instances when Scout may disclose user information without providing notice or choice , including situations where Scout has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Scout , our Affiliated Companies or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety and security of users of the Scout Services or members of the public including responding to emergencies where there appears to be a danger of death or injury to any person ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; or ( iv ) comply with applicable laws , rules and regulations ( " Applicable Laws " ) or legal process . To deliver relevant advertisements . We strive to make the Scout Services interesting , relevant and personalized for our users . The Site and its third-party advertising partners customize the advertising displayed to you based on non-personally identifiable information gathered via cookies or other tracking devices as well as your past activity on the Site . For example , based on your team interests , we might display an advertisement informing about the schedule for such teams games . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If Scout sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Scout may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . Scout uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to help safeguard user information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . User Control and Account Cancellation . Through the My Profile option , you can access and edit your Required Registration Information , Member Profile Information , Premium Subscription information and " My HotList " Preferences . If you would like to deactivate your Membership Account you may email us , Subject Line : Deactivate Membership Account . If you would like to terminate your Premium Subscription you can : ( i ) visit " My Subscriptions " and click on " cancel my subscription ; " or ( ii ) contact us directly , Subject Line : Terminate Premium Subscription . Please refer to the Scout.com Terms of Use for our Premium Subscription termination policy and restrictions . We may retain backup information related to your My Profile account and Premium Subscription on our servers for some time after deactivation for fraud detection or to comply with Applicable Law or our internal security policies . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact Scout at : North American Membership Group , Inc . 12301 Whitewater Drive Minnetonka , MN 55343 Last Updated : November 15 , 2013 
www.sherdog.com ( the Website ) Privacy Policy This privacy policy was last modified on March 13 , 2013 . CraveOnline Media , LLC ( Crave ) , a subsidiary of Evolve Media , LLC ( Evolve ) , knows that you care how information about you is used and shared . Evolve , Crave and any and all entities that control , are controlled by , or are affiliated or under common control with , Evolve are collectively referred to herein as " Company " " we , " " us " or our . This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Company when you use the Site and related services ( the Service ) , how the information will be used , and how you can control the collection , correction and/or deletion of information . We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy . Information We Collect You provide us information about yourself , such as your name and e-mail address , when you register with the Service . Also , you may provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests , message boards and chat rooms , and other interactive areas of our Site . If you correspond with us by email , we may retain the content of your email messages , your email address and our responses . When you visit the Site , we may send one or more cookies a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Company help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Site . A cookie does not collect personal information about you . Company uses both session cookies and persistent cookies . A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser . Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site . Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser 's directions . A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser . You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled . Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page . When you register with or view our Site , our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website . These server logs may include information such as your web request , Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address , browser type , referring / exit pages and URLs , number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed , and other such information . When you use the Service , we may employ clear gifs ( a.k.a. Web Beacons ) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously . No personally identifiable information from your Company account is collected using these clear gifs . In addition , we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients . The information is used to enable more accurate reporting , improve the effectiveness of our marketing , and make us better for our users . As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather information through other means and there may be other technologies present that act in a similar way but are protected by confidentiality . How We Use Your Information We use the personal information you submit to operate , maintain , and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service . Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service ( for instance , in User Content you post ) becomes available to the public . If you remove User Content , copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your User Content . By providing Company your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices , including any notices required by law , in lieu of communication by postal mail . We may also use your email address to send you other messages , such as newsletters , changes to features of the Service , or special offers . If you do not want to receive such email messages , you may opt out by sending an email message to legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com with the words " No email " and the Site name in the subject field . Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates , improvements , or offers . Company may use certain information about you and/or your User Content without identifying you as an individual to third parties . We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Service is used , diagnosing service or technical problems , maintaining security , and personalizing advertisements and promotions . Company reserves the right , but has no obligation , to monitor the User Content you post on the Site . Company has the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or no reason , including without limitation , if in its sole opinion , such information or material violates , or may violate , any applicable law or our Terms of Use Agreement or to protect or defend its rights or property or those of any third party . Company also reserves the right to remove information upon the request of any third party . We use cookies , clear gifs , and log file information to : ( a ) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Site ; ( b ) provide custom , personalized content and information ; ( c ) monitor the effectiveness of our service ; ( d ) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic ; ( e ) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP ; and ( f ) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in . How We Share Your Information Company will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others . Company may share your personally identifiable information with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services to you . If we do this , such third parties ' use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy . We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Company ( for instance , on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers ) . As we develop our business , we may buy or sell assets or business offerings . Customer , email , and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions . We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures , mergers , or dissolution . Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Company will not disclose personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the law , comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates , or investigate , prevent , or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Use , take precautions against liability , to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations , to assist government enforcement agencies , or to protect the security or integrity of our Site ; and ( c ) to exercise or protect the rights , property , or personal safety of Company , our users or others . Please note we may not provide notice prior to disclosure in such cases . We may share non-personally identifiable information ( such as anonymous usage data , referring/exit pages and URLs , platform types , number of clicks , etc. )  with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Company services . Company allows other companies , called third-party ad servers or ad networks , to serve advertisements on the Site . These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send , directly to your browser , the advertisements and links that appear on the Site . They automatically receive your IP address when this happens . They may also use other technologies ( such as cookies , JavaScript , or Web Beacons ) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content . Company does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent . However , please note that if an advertiser asks Company to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement , the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach . You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks . The Company privacy policy does not apply to , and we can not control the activities of , such advertisers . How We Protect Your Information Company uses commercially reasonable physical , managerial , and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information . We can not , however , ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Company and you do so at your own risk . Once we receive your transmission of information , Company makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems . However , please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed , disclosed , altered , or destroyed by breach of any of our physical , technical , or managerial safeguards . To protect your privacy and security , we take reasonable steps ( such as requesting a unique password ) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account . You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information , and for controlling access to your email communications from Company , at all times . Compromise of Personal Information In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security , Company will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised , in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy , or as otherwise required by applicable law . Your Choices About Your Information You may , of course , decline to submit personally identifiable information through Company , in which case Company may not be able to provide certain services to you . Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important . The Site is designed to be of service and interest to users ages 13 and older . If you are a minor over the age of 13 , you may only use this Site with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian . If you are a minor under the age of 13 , you are not allowed to provide any personal information to the Company , on the Site or through any other Service provided by the Company . Please do not send any information about yourself to us , including your name , address , telephone number , or email address . Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register . In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information as quickly as possible . If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 , please contact us at legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com . Third Parties We expect our partners , advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users . Be aware , however , that third parties , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices . You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on message boards or in chat areas , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties . Such activities are beyond our control and outside the scope of this document . Links to Other Sites : We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site nor the information or content contained therein . Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website , our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect . User browsing and interaction on any other website , including those that have a link on our Site , is subject to that other website 's own rules and policies . Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding . We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site as is explained in detail in our Site 's Terms of Use . In the course of advertisements being served to you , a unique third-party cookie or other advertising technology may be placed on your browser . This advertising technology uses information derived from your visits to the Site to target advertising within this Site . This information is used for many purposes , for example , it helps us try to ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again . We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you ( sometimes called online behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising or OBA ) . We also use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising . Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Site , to learn which banner ads bring users to our Site and to deliver more relevant advertising . In addition , our advertisers or other third parties may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on the Site and other websites . We do not control the data collection and use practices of these other third parties . You should read the privacy notices of the websites you visit in order to determine what companies may be collecting information on those websites . OBA Opt Out If you would like to opt-out of being served OBA on the Site by our third-party advertising companies , click on the Ad Choices icon below and select the companies whose OBA technology you would like to block on the Site . You may also opt-out of other third party programs using OBA technology on your web browser : ( a ) for users targeted in the United States by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/choices and ( b ) for users targeted in Europe by visiting www.youronlinechoices.com , selecting the country where you are located , and selecting Your Ad Choices . For more information about online advertising , please visit ( a ) www.aboutads.info/consumers regarding United States online choices and/or ( b ) www.youronlinechoices.com regarding European online choices . Notification Procedures It is our policy to provide notifications , whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes , to you via email notice , written or hard copy notice , or through conspicuous posting of such notice on our Site page , as determined by Company in its sole discretion . We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you , provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy . Changes to Our Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change this policy at any time . Please check this page periodically for changes . Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms will constitute acceptance of those changes . Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this Site , or your dealings with this Site , please contact us at legal [ at ] evolvemediallc.com , or send mail to :  Evolve Media , LLC 5140 W. Goldleaf Circle , Third Floor Los Angeles , CA 90056 Attn : General Counsel 
Bell Media Website Privacy Policy ( Last Updated on April 1 , 2011 ) Bell Media respects the privacy of all of its users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains Bell Media Inc. 's and its subsidiaries ' ( collectively , " Bell Media " ) treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on or related to all Bell Media websites referencing this Privacy Policy ( the " Bell Media Sites " ) and all services made available on the Bell Media Sites ( collectively , unless noted otherwise , the " Bell Media Services " ) . This Privacy Policy also explains how you can ask questions and make suggestions about our privacy practices and review and update your personal information . We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and to check back periodically as this Privacy Policy may change from time to time . Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or websites which are not owned or controlled by Bell Media . In the course of operating the Bell Media Services , we may collect two types of information about our users : Personal Information and Non-Personal Information . " Personal Information " is personally identifiable information , such as your name , address , email address , birth date and gender . Personal Information is collected by us when you choose to provide it to us when registering for a Bell Media Service , such as when you choose to subscribe to a Bell Media Service , enter a Bell Media promotion , choose to receive a Bell Media newsletter , or choose to participate in a Bell Media survey . In addition , if you choose to contact any of our customer service representatives , we may keep a record of that correspondence so that we may fully address the subject matter . We may also receive Personal Information from our business partners and other third parties , provided that such third parties confirm to us that you have permitted them to share such information . Business contact information such as the name , title , business address , email address or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information . " Non-Personal Information " is information of an anonymous nature , such as your Internet Protocol Address ( " IP Address " ) , the domain you may have used to access a Bell Media Service , the type and version of browser or operating system you may be using , and the website you may have come from and visit next . Aggregate information , such as demographic statistics of our users ( e.g. , average age or geographical allocation of our users ) , number of visitors and average time spent on a Bell Media Service , is also considered Non-Personal Information . Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the Bell Media Services . For example , our web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie ( as defined herein ) or through a Web Beacon ( as defined herein ) when you choose to visit a Bell Media Service . Non-Personal Information is used by Bell Media as described in this Privacy Policy . Personal Information may be used by us for the following purposes : a . Providing you with the Bell Media Services and information you have requested from us , including your use of the Bell Media Sites . We may from time to time use your Personal Information to contact you about changes , enhancements or similar notices related to the Bell Media Services ;  b . If you indicated that you were interested in receiving offers or information from Bell Media or certain of our selected sponsors or advertisers , Bell Media may send you email materials and other mailings about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you . If at any time you would like to end your subscription to any such email materials , follow the directions posted at the bottom of the email material ;  c . If you enter a contest or other promotion offered on a Bell Media Site , we may , under the rules of the promotion , use your name and certain other information to administer the promotion , such as contacting , announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion ; or d . Bell Media may also use Personal Information if it has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be useful when investigating a contravention of a federal , provincial or foreign law or in order to protect or defend a legal interest . We will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone . We will only disclose your Personal Information to third parties :  a . Where you have specifically given us your consent to disclose your Personal Information for a designated purpose ;  b . Who are acting on our behalf as our agents , suppliers or service providers , solely to enable us to more efficiently provide you with the Bell Media Services . Such entities act under strict contractual controls , requiring them to maintain the confidentiality of all such Personal Information and to use such information solely for purposes related to the provision of the Bell Media Services ;  c . As may be set out in the Terms and Conditions applicable to a Bell Media Service , to facilitate the provision of such Bell Media Service , such as fulfilling legal requirements ;  d . As required by law , including by an order of any court , institution or body with jurisdiction or authority to compel the production of information , or in order to protect or defend a legal interest ; or e . In connection with a Bell Media corporate re-organization , merger or amalgamation with another entity , or a sale of all or a substantial portion of the assets of Bell Media provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information . A Bell Media Service may contain links to other websites and services . While we try to link only to sites and services that share our high standards and respect for privacy , please understand that we are not responsible for the content of , or the privacy practices employed by , other companies or websites . This Privacy Policy applies only to the Bell Media Services referencing this Privacy Policy . The majority of the advertisements which are displayed in connection with the Bell Media Services are served through reputable third party advertisement serving partners , in accordance with their policies as described on their own websites . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . Bell Media takes technical , contractual , administrative , and physical security steps to protect Personal Information that you provide to us . We instruct our employees with access to your Personal Information that it is to be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and the laws applicable to each specific business . In certain areas , such as when you provide credit card information to us , we work to help protect the security of your credit card information during transmission by using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology . You can help protect the security of your Personal Information as well . For instance , never give out your password , since this is what is used to access your account or registration information . Also remember to log out of your account and close your browser window when you finish using a Bell Media Service or surfing the web , so that other people using the same computer wo n't have access to your information . Bell Media may from time to time change this Privacy Policy as new Bell Media Services are added or old ones changed . Changes will be effective when notice of such change is posted at a Bell Media Site . Please check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates by checking the date of " Last Update " at the top of this document . Privacy procedures specific to a Bell Media Service can be found on a Bell Media Site at the location of the particular Bell Media Service , or in additional terms referenced at such Bell Media Site . Those procedures are an addendum to this Privacy Policy , and are provided to you at the place where they will be of most use to you . Bell Media provides you with the means to access , update , edit or delete any account or registration information you may have provided to us at any time on your own by going to the appropriate page in the account or registration section of the relevant Bell Media Service , and changing or deleting such information as desired . If you are unsure whether we have a record containing any of your Personal Information and would like to confirm whether or not we do , please send an email to Bell Media indicating all email addresses that you may have given us . If you decide at any time that you do not want to receive any email materials to which you have subscribed , you may choose to unsubscribe to these emails by following the instructions at the end of the message . If you have questions , comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or Bell Media 's privacy practices that were not answered here , send us an email . Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the Bell Media Services . For example , our web servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information which is provided through your browser or stored on a Cookie or through a Web Beacon when you choose to visit a Bell Media Service . In addition to Bell Media 's practices related to IP Addresses , Cookies or Web Beacons , Non-Personal Information is used generally by Bell Media to monitor and improve the operation of the Bell Media Services , to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our users , to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific Bell Media Services , to describe our services to third parties such as prospective business partners and advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources . No Personal Information will be disclosed during these activities . Bell Media may also use Non-Personal Information to inform our sponsors and advertisers as to the performance of a particular sponsorship ( such as a contest ) or advertisement . In such case we may disclose to those third-party sponsors and advertisers the overall aggregate demographics available regarding , for example , who participated in a contest or who saw and " clicked " on an advertisement . No Personal Information will be disclosed to these sponsors and advertisers as part of this process ; only information in an anonymous , aggregate form will be disclosed . An IP Address is the unique number which is assigned to every direct Internet access point . Many IP Addresses can generally be associated with certain Internet service providers or large organizations . IP Addresses do not contain any Personal Information . When you , through your browser , request a web page or similar Internet information from another computer on the Internet , your browser automatically provides that computer with an IP address to which it will send the requested information . a . Whenever you request a Bell Media Service web page or certain other similar Bell Media content , your browser automatically provides our computers with your IP Address , to which our computers will send the requested information . Each such request is logged by our computers with information including the IP Address of the computer that requested the page and is stored by our computers as needed for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy ;  b . Bell Media may use your IP Address to display more appropriate and relevant content and advertising , such as content and advertising based on your geographic area . Aggregate information derived from IP Addresses may be reported by Bell Media to its advertisers and partners . For example , Bell Media may report to its advertisers the estimated total number of users accessing a particular Bell Media Site from a specific province ; and c . Bell Media may use your IP Address to facilitate the diagnoses and remedy of a technical problem reported by you or our technical team . A " Cookie " is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred ( through your browser ) from a web site to the hard drive of your computer . The Cookie identifies your browser and will not let a web site know any personal information about you , such as your name and address . Since Cookies are only text files , they can not run on your computer , search your computer for other information , or transmit any information to anyone . Bell Media may use Cookies to :  a . Monitor website usage and improve the operation and performance of the Bell Media Services and to make our Bell Media Services easier and more convenient to use . For example , Cookies help us remember who you are through your browser settings so that we can offer and provide more personalized services ( e.g. language preference ) . Cookies also allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit a Bell Media Service ;  b . Measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics related to the Bell Media Services and advertisements ( e.g. , number of users , average time spent , average age and similar statistics ) . This information helps us to better understand when to update , change or offer new services and provides us with details as to the performance of third party advertisements and content . This information may be reported , in aggregate form only , to our current and prospective sponsors , advertisers and business partners . No Personal Information will be disclosed in such reports ; and c . Displaying advertisements . Bell Media and third party advertising providers used by Bell Media may use Cookies when serving advertisements . Cookies are used on many major web sites . Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies . If you prefer , you can reset your browser either to notify you when you have received a Cookie , or to refuse to accept Cookies . You should understand that while Bell Media does not require you to use Cookies , certain Bell Media Services will not function properly if you set your browser to not accept Cookies . Certain Bell Media Services may contain electronic images known as " Web Beacons " , sometimes called single-pixel gifs , that allow Bell Media to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services . Web Beacons are not used to access your Personal Information ; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about Bell Media Service usage . Web Beacons collect only a limited set of information including a Cookie number , time and date of a page view , and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides . Certain Bell Media Service web pages may also contain Web Beacons placed there by our advertising partners or web analytics service providers to help Bell Media determine the effectiveness of our Internet advertising campaigns . 
Telegraph Media Group comprises Telegraph Media Group Limited , VOS Media Limited and QP Magazine Limited . When we collect your information we may share it across our group companies . This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how Telegraph Media Group uses personal information we collect and how you can limit our use of that personal data . 1.1 We gather information that relates to , and can identify you ( e.g. your name and address ) and information that does not identify you ( e.g. a visitor 's behaviour patterns when they visit our website ) . We collect information that does not identify you to evaluate our site , ensure that our site and services run properly and ensure we are paid for advertising services we offer . We might also collect your IP address through the placement of cookies ( see sections 6 and 7 on cookies and their management , below ) . 2.1 Information is gathered in two ways : ( 1 ) indirectly ( e.g. using website technology or technology when you use a Telegraph application for a mobile device ) ; and ( 2 ) directly ( e.g. when you buy a subscription , sign up to create a telegraph.co.uk profile , download a mobile device application or you otherwise provide your information when you interact with us ) . 3.1 We always explain why and how we might contact you at the point you give your information to us . We also provide the means for you to grant or withhold your permission for us to contact you We do this by using opt-out tick boxes . If the boxes are n't there , it 's because we will not use your information for any other purpose than that for which you give it ( e.g. to administer a subscription ) . 3.2 When responding to promotions , offers etc. by postcard , if you do not wish for your details to be used by us to send you promotions and offers , please make this clear by stating " No Offers " . 3.3 If you have signed up to receive marketing from us by text , to stop this , please reply STOP to the last message you received . 4.1 We might use your information to : ( 1 ) remember you when you visit our website and track your browsing patterns by using cookies . You can prevent this ; section 5 deals with this in more detail ;  ( 2 ) place your anonymised information into audience segments to identify your interests so that we might serve you with advertisements and offers that will interest you ( 3 ) ensure any products or services you receive are correctly administered ( including subscriptions ) ;  ( 4 ) contact you by email , mail , telephone or sms text message to let you know about any of our products , services or promotions ( which , in some cases may be provided by third parties ) but only according to the permissions you give us ;  ( 5 ) ensure materials on the website or in apps are presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer or mobile device ;  ( 6 ) collate and log numeric internet addresses to improve the website and to monitor website usage ;  ( 7 ) assess and understand customer feedback and identify usage hotspots ;  4.2 If you have subscribed to any of or services , we will use the information you provide to keep you updated on those services unless you have told us otherwise . 5.1 You can update your details and marketing preferences by accessing your account pages on the website , by emailing data.protection @ telegraph.co.uk or by writing to us at Data Department , Victory House , Meeting House Lane , Chatham , Kent , ME4 4TT . 5.2 You have the right to access the personal information held about you . To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you , please send an email to data.protection @ telegraph.co.uk . There will be an administrative charge of 10 for providing a copy of this information . 6.1 A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites . Find out more about the use of cookies on http : //www.cookiecentral.com . 6.2 We use the following types of cookie :  ( 1 ) Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your computer or mobile device when you visit our website . They keep track of browsing patterns and build up a profile of how our readers use the website . We might use that information to target advertisements to you on our and other websites . ( 2 ) Service cookies that help us to make our website work as efficiently as possible ; remember your registration and login details ; remember your settings preferences ; and meter the number of pages you view for the purpose of administering subscriptions to The Telegraph . ( 3 ) Third party advertising and analytics cookies , which are placed by or on behalf of independent advertisers who are advertising on our site . These cookies may be placed within the advertisement and elsewhere on our site . They are anonymous they can not identify individuals . They are used for statistical analysis by allowing the advertiser to count how many people have seen their advertisement or have seen it more than once . They might also allow the advertiser to tailor advertising to you when you visit other websites . 6.3 We have no access to third party cookies and third party organisations have no access to ours . The third party organisations that place cookies have their own strict privacy policies . 7.1 Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies . To do this look at the help menu on your browser . Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates . 7.2 If you would prefer to just restrict third party cookies , visit www.myonlinechoices.com or click on the AdChoices logo that you will see in the corner of advertisements that carry behavioural targeting cookies . 7.3 ComScore , Inc ( www.comscore.com ) is one of the third parties we use to provide us with information about how users use our website . Click here to learn more information about how we use their third party service to collect and use information about this website . 7.4 If you would like to disable " third party " cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services , you can turn them off by going to the third party 's website and getting them to generate a one-time " no thanks " cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine . Here are links to the two main third party advertising platforms we use , each of which has instructions on how to do this :  http : //www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ad-cookie/ http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy 7.5 You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising companies for more information on how to opt out of these cookies : http : //youronlinechoices.com/ 8.1 The password you provide when registering with the website is encrypted to ensure protection against unauthorised access to your personal information . 8.2 We invest in high-quality security and do our utmost to protect user privacy . No data transmission over the Internet can be entirely secure , and therefore we can not guarantee the security of your personal information and/or use of the website . Any information that you send is at your own risk and may be read by others . However once we have received your personal information we use strict procedures to protect the security of your personal information . 9.1 We may disclose your personal information if we are approached by a potential buyer of our business , if we required to do so by law or in good-faith believing such action is necessary to comply with the law . 9.2 We sometimes share your personal information with third parties who are our subcontractors or providers of various products and services on our behalf e.g. the providers of the services available on our Offers page : http : //www.telegraph.co.uk/sponsored/offers/ . 9.3 We never sell personal information , or pass it to third parties for marketing purposes without your permission . 10.1 The personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) in order to carry out the activities listed in Use of Your Information . 11.1 If we change our Policy , we will post the changes on this page . Please check the website regularly for any changes to this Policy . 12.1 If you believe that we have not adhered to this Policy , please notify us by email at data.protection @ telegraph.co.uk and we will try to solve the problem promptly . 
Privacy Policy Covering the practices of www.profootballtalk.com and www.collegefootballtalk.com If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact the FOOTBALL TALK LLC Customer Service Department at privacypolicy @ profootballtalk.com or via postal mail at : Football Talk , LLC 333 East Main Street Clarksburg , WV 26301 Information on general usage and any personal details you provide FOOTBALL TALK LLC will be used to provide you with enhanced features such as customized content , access to our bulletin boards , web logs ( blogs ) and participation in chats . The following are details of the information FOOTBALL TALK LLC collects :  Personal Information . At some Football Talk LLC sites you can purchase products , enter contests or sweepstakes , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as email newsletters and/or participate in our online communities . In order for you to participate in these activities Football Talk LLC may request and collect certain information and data from you such as name , age , gender , address , email address , zip code , telephone number , credit card information and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs and services . By providing contact information , you will be eligible to acquire user ID 's and passwords that will allow you to play the fantasy games and to participate in the Football Talk LLC community . Other People 's Information . At some Football Talk LLC sites , you will have the ability to submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's email address to challenge them to a fantasy game or their name and address to send a gift subscription . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people may include : name , address and email address . This information is not stored by Football Talk LLC and is not used for any purpose other than for the purpose that the information is collected . Tracking . In the course of using the Football Talk LLC site , Football Talk LLC may assign random numbers to you for the purpose of anonymously tracking site usage . Information tracked includes , but is not limited to , the URL that you just came from ( whether this URL is on the Football Talk LLC site or not ) , which URL you go to next ( whether this URL is on the Football Talk LLC site or not ) , what browser you are using , and your IP address . Many sites automatically collect this information . This information is used for purposes of system administration , diagnostics , site tracking and reporting of aggregate usage information to third parties such as our advertisers and content partners or for research purposes . Football Talk LLC does not link information automatically collected to information identifying visitors individually . Cookies . Football Talk LLC may employ cookies to recognize visitors and their privileges in order to provide visitors with user specific information , as well as to track site usage . Cookies can also help provide information that is targeted to visitors ' interests . Cookies are stored on your browser , not on the Football Talk LLC site . You are free to decline Football Talk LLC cookies if your browser permits , although in that case you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session . Also , visitors who do not accept cookies may not be able to access certain portions of the Football Talk LLC site . Cookies used by Football Talk LLC are not tied to personally identifiable information and do not contain personally identifiable information about a visitor , and FOOTBALL TALK LLC does not use cookies to obtain such information . Cookies used by Football Talk LLC are session cookies , meaning that they can be automatically deleted at the end of a session ( technically when the user quits the browser ) . Advertisers and Sponsors . Football Talk LLC sponsors and advertisers may use cookies within their advertisements or promotions . Football Talk LLC will likely not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain . Visitors who want any information about these cookies should contact the sponsors and advertisers directly . Once you click on a sponsor link or advertisement and leave the Football Talk LLC sites our privacy policy no longer applies . You must read the privacy policy of the individual advertiser to see how your personal information will be handled on their site . There may be times when we use third-party advertising companies ( the Companies ) to serve ads when you visit our site . These Companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to our and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . In addition , we may share web site usage information about visitors to our sites with this these Companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements , for market research analysis on our site and other sites and for tracking a specific activity on our site relating to the marketing efforts of an advertiser . For these purposes , the Companies may note some of the pages you visit on our site as well as some of the activities you undertake through the use of Web Beacons and pixel tags ( also called clear gifs ) . In the course of serving advertisements to this site , the Companies may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer . As is always the case , information collected and used by these Companies will not be tied to a user 's personal information and will only be used in the aggregate . If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data , currently you may visit each ad network 's web site individually and opt-out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network-advertising cookies . This site will also allow you to review the third party advertising companies . Provide Services . Football Talk LLC asks for information in connection with registration , promotions , email updates , and prizes . Football Talk LLC may use this information to tailor online presentations , facilitate navigation throughout sites operated by Football Talk LLC , provide personalized services and promotions , or offer products and services that Football Talk LLC believes might be of use or interest to you , and to communicate separately with you . This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information ( such as demographic information and past purchase history ) available from our records and other sources . This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and may also be used to bring you offers of interest . Third Parties . We do not sell information about our visitors . Football Talk LLC will not transfer your personal information to another party for that party 's exclusive use apart from the use of the information by Football Talk LLC . However , if we believe there is value to our members , we will send messages or promotions to you on behalf of another company . In these instances , we do not transfer your name to the third party we send the mailing for them . In all instances we only send mailings if you 've given your permission . These promotions may include physical mailings as well , but in a similar fashion will be sent by Football Talk LLC and only if you 've given your permission . We may transfer your personal information to companies that we hire that deliver products and services ( shipping companies , fulfillment companies and email management companies ) , companies that operate sweepstakes and promotions on our behalf and sponsors from whom you have ordered or requested products . These companies will not have the ability to use the information for their own purposes but will merely use it to fulfill on our behalf . Visitors who register for fantasy games through other parties ( e.g. , through co-branded games ) may have some or all of their profile information ( name , email address , etc. )  shared with those parties , but only if you consent ( opt-in/opt-out ) to having your contact information shared with those parties so that they can contact you directly . Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of those other parties . Aggregate Reports . Football Talk LLC will aggregate reports for advertisers . For example , Football Talk LLC may tell advertisers how many people saw or clicked on an ad and additionally , how many people saw or clicked on ads in different portions of the Football Talk LLC sites . Where available , Football Talk LLC may offer additional aggregate information about viewer characteristics . However , this will not include personally identifiable information about you or your usage patterns . Our advertisers allow us to provide their products and services to visitors , and in return , they will need to know how to effectively place their ads in order to attract potential customers . Information Not Released . Surveys may ask for contact information or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results . Contests may require contact information or other demographic/ personal information in order to determine eligibility . This information will not be released to third parties without your consent . Additionally , usage information may be analyzed so that FOOTBALL TALK LLC can judge its system 's performance or execute visitors ' customized features . Community Elements . Football Talk LLC has comments and blogs available to visitors and may incorporate additional forums in the future . Please be aware that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in any of these public forums . Football Talk LLC does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums . Football Talk LLC does not require you to make your personal information available to the public so please exercise care when participating in these public forums . Any personal information , including your email address , voluntarily disclosed by you and posted on a Football Talk LLC site can be viewed and used by others . If you post personal information that is accessible to the public online you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Correspondence . If you send Football Talk LLC personal correspondence , such as e-mails or letters , or if other visitors or third parties send Football Talk LLC correspondence about your activities or postings on a Football Talk LLC site , Football Talk LLC may collect such information into a file . No such information will be released to third parties without your consent . Any information or material disclosed or provided by you in personal correspondence to Football Talk LLC or in any survey conducted by Football Talk LLC will not be used by Football Talk LLC for advertising or marketing purposes without your consent but may be used for editorial purposes . E-commerce Partners . There will be times when you are shopping on Football Talk LLC , that you are directed to a third party domain where your information is collected . This information is not shared with Football Talk LLC unless specifically stated at that third party domain . In all cases the information is collected subject to the privacy policy of the third party . Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites . Distribution and Display . Football Talk LLC will not make contact information available to the general public in any form without the consent of the visitor identified . This does not prevent or restrict FOOTBALL TALK LLC from ( i ) distributing information that is already publicly available , including but not limited to information available in public telephone directories , classified ads , newspaper reports , publications , and the like , ( ii ) providing information as required by law , court order , or other valid legal process or ( iii ) displaying information in an online bulletin board , chat room , news group , or other public forum , where the information being displayed was placed there by a visitor or other third party . News and Information . Football Talk LLC sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer visitors access to co-branded news and other information on the Football Talk LLC site . There is no collection of contact or other personal information in connection with the provision of such information . E-Commerce/ Contests . Football Talk LLC may contain links to other third-party web sites , including affiliate and e-commerce partners , sweepstakes providers and sponsors . When you register with third party web sites through FOOTBALL TALK LLC , there are instances where information is collected by the third party , and is not shared with Football Talk LLC . In these cases , information provided is subject to the privacy policy of the third party . Such third parties may use information to send promotional items to or otherwise communicate with you and/or may share information with additional parties . Your ability to opt out of having this information used for such purposes is dependent upon the third party 's privacy policy . Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such third party web sites . Co-branded Fantasy Games . Football Talk LLC sometimes negotiates with third parties to offer the third parties ' visitors access to a co-branded fantasy game . In such cases , the game is co-branded with logos and/or content from that third party . Some or all of the profile information ( name , email address , etc. )  provided to Football Talk LLC by visitors who register from a third party 's web site may be made available to that third party subject to the preferences of each user ( opt-in/opt-out decision ) . In some cases , the third party may have a limited contractual right with Football Talk LLC to communicate with visitors . Your ability to opt out of receiving communications ( email or otherwise ) from Football Talk LLC and the third party depends on the Football Talk LLC privacy policy and the third party 's privacy policy , respectively . Football Talk LLC is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties . If at any time you are uncertain about whether or not your personal information will be provided to Football Talk LLC or a third party , please feel free to contact our Customer Service Department at privacypolicy @ profootballtalk.com User Created Content . Please be aware that all content that you create ( User Content ) that is posted on message boards , polls , blogs or other community oriented areas ( Community Areas ) is provided for entertainment purposes and that Football Talk LLC may , in its sole discretion , choose to remove any such content from Community Areas if we believe that the content is inappropriate for public display . Our goal is to avoid abuse of these Community Areas in order to create an enjoyable and entertaining user experience . If you are aware of any content that may be inappropriate or users who are abusing our systems please contact us at privacypolicy @ profootballtalk.com . Football Talk LLC can not ensure that parties who have access to the publicly available information in these Community Areas will respect your privacy so please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in these areas . Football Talk LLC is also not responsible for the content or business practices of web sites that are linked from these Community Areas by our visitors so please keep this in mind before clicking on any links . Football Talk LLC Rights to User Content . Football Talk LLC does not claim ownership of User Content . However , you hereby grant Football Talk LLC a world-wide , royalty-free , non-exclusive , perpetual , irrevocable , and fully sub-licensable right and license to use , reproduce , modify , adapt , publish , translate , create derivative works from , distribute , perform , and display your User Content and to incorporate User Content in other works in any form , media , or technology now known or later developed . Upon registration , Football Talk LLC provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications ( updates , information and promotions ) from Football Talk LLC and its partners . In addition , if you do not decide to opt-out during registration , you can remove yourself from either mailing list by following the unsubscribe instructions given at the bottom of all e-mail received from Football Talk LLC . You may also change your opt-out preferences at any time by following the instructions located in Paragraph I of this Policy Updating Personal Information . By registering for a specific Football Talk LLC service ( newsletters , premium content , fantasy games , etc. )  you are consenting to receive email relating to that service and will not have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications . If once you receive a mailing you do not wish to receive future mailings , you may unsubscribe . Football Talk LLC sites may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to ( a ) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on Football Talk LLC , ( b ) protect and defend the rights or property of Football Talk LLC or the visitors of Football Talk LLC , or ( c ) protect the personal safety of visitors of Football Talk LLC or the public . In addition , notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy , in the event that Football Talk LLC merges with , or substantially all of its assets are acquired by , another business entity , personal information that users have provided at any point in time to Football Talk LLC may be released or transferred to the new business entity as one of the transferred assets . Further , personal user information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with any Football Talk LLC offer to merge or sell substantially all of Football Talk LLC assets . If Football Talk LLC merges with , or substantially all of its assets are acquired by , another business entity Football Talk LLC will provide notice of such a transaction on the Football Talk LLC web sites and via email . All information gathered on the Football Talk LLC site is stored and maintained in secure facilities that limit access to authorized personnel only . Football Talk LLC uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information , including firewalls and Secure Socket Layers . Football Talk LLC treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access . We employ security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company . Your Football Talk LLC profile is password-protected so that you are the only member who has access to this information . We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone . To ensure that you 've logged out of your account , please remember to close your browser window when you have finished your visit . This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information , especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place . FOOTBALL TALK LLC believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of children . Football Talk LLC does not willingly or knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to register to become a member of the Football Talk LLC community . In order to register at Football Talk LLC and become a member , visitors must first certify that they are at least 13 years old and have read and accepted the Football Talk LLC privacy guidelines as well as rules and regulations pertaining to fantasy games and contests . 
Privacy Policy This website , Formula1.com ( the " Site " ) , and all personal information collected from users of this Site , are owned solely by Formula One Management Limited . In this Privacy Policy references to " we " , " us " , " our " , are references to Formula One Management Limited . This Privacy Policy outlines how we treat your personal information and forms part of the Terms and Conditions of this Site . This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site , and not to the collection and use of personal information by any third party via any website to which there are links on this Site . We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites , and encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site , and to read all applicable terms , conditions and privacy policies when using other websites . Your use of this Site signifies your consent to our collecting and using personal information about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy . You may access this Site 's home page and browse the Site without disclosing any personal data . In order to provide you with a range of services , however , we may collect personal information from this Site , from written information sent to us and from other communications . We may for example , keep a record of your name , mailing address , email address , telephone number , gender and preferences . Any personal data relating to you will be used and recorded by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy . We may use your personal information to communicate with you , such as to let you know about new features or offerings on Formula1.com , for record keeping purposes , and in aggregate ( and therefore anonymously ) for market research purposes , to track activity on our site , to publish trends and/or to improve usefulness and content and for any other purpose that we may notify to you and the relevant data protection authority from time to time . We may operate a mailing list to send you FORMULA ONE ( tm ) related news . This mailing list currently operates as an ' opt in ' mailing list whereby subscribers add themselves to the list . We only send emails to addresses which have been subscribed to the list . We do not ' spam ' . If you wish to unsubscribe from the list please e-mail us at unsubscribe @ formula1.com . We currently do not share , license or sell these e-mail addresses . We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to anyone who may take over the running of the Site or who may purchase any or all of our assets including your personal information . We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to any law enforcement agency requesting it in connection with the commission of any offence , once we are reasonably satisfied as to the circumstances surrounding the request . We also reserve the right to access and disclose your personal information in order to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly or to protect our users and ourselves . Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy , we will not sell , share , trade or license your personal information to others without your express consent . We take every precaution to protect your personal information . In addition , we have strict security protocols in place to protect our customer database from unauthorised access , improper use or disclosure , unauthorised modification , and unlawful destruction or accidental loss . We only allow access to the customer database when absolutely necessary , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of such details . We may ask you for proof of identity before disclosing any personal information to you . We always aim to improve the services we offer . As a result we may occasionally canvass our customers using surveys . Participation in surveys is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to reply to any survey you might receive from us . Should you choose to do so , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information . Your participation on our Site may mean that we occasionally contact you with the opportunity to enter competitions . Entry to competitions is voluntary , and you are under no obligation to take up an invitation from us to enter . Should you choose to enter a competition , we will treat the information you provide with the same high standard of care as all other customer information . Cookies are small , harmless files of letters and numbers that are placed on the hard drive of your computer , smartphone or other device , or in your browser memory if you agree . We use cookies to make our website faster and easier to use and to generally improve your user experience . For example , we use cookies to remember your preference settings for some of our online services or to remember what you have added to your shopping basket if you visit The F1 Store . Other cookies help us understand how visitors use our website , for example the pages they visit and the links they click on , or tell us which advertisements bring visitors to our website . What our cookies do n't do is store any personal or confidential information about you . By continuing to browse our site , you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Policy . Yes , cookies are harmless text files . They ca n't look into your computer or device or read any personal information or other material on your hard drive . Cookies ca n't carry viruses or install anything harmful on your computer . We recommend that you to keep cookies active during your visits to our website because parts of the site rely on them to work properly . If you disable cookies , you will still be able to browse the site , but certain parts of our website may not function correctly and key features may not be available . You can restrict , block or delete cookies from Formula1.com at any time by changing the cookie preferences in your web browser settings . As each browser is different , please use your browser 's help function or your phone or device 's manual to find out how to customise your cookie settings . Alternately , for more detailed information on how to manage cookies , please visit http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ Like many websites , Formula1.com uses both first and third party cookies , which maybe ' session ' or ' persistent ' cookies . Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser . Persistent cookies , on the other hand , last beyond your browsing session and remain on your computer or device until their set expiry date unless they are deleted . All the cookies on this site are listed below and categorized according to whether they are first or third party . These are cookies that are set by our website and are used to monitor how visitors find and use our website . We record such activity in aggregate and use this information solely for the purposes of understanding overall visitor behaviour and for monitoring and making improvements to our website . Many of the first party cookies we use are session cookies . No personally-identifiable data is collected these simply enable us to track your session from page to page and keep you signed in whilst you use our website using a unique ID . Without these cookies these functions would not work . Other first party cookies we use are persistent cookies and help us remember you as a user each time you use the same computer or device to revisit our site . We also use persistent cookies to track how popular our site is and to record visitor trends over time . As with our first party session cookies , no personally-identifiable or sensitive data is collected . Consent Preference Cookies ( TBA ) : When you arrive at this site for the first time , you will see a banner at the top of web page alerting you to our use of cookies . The cookie SkipCookieLegislation remembers your cookie preference and lasts beyond your current session . This cookie does not store any personal information , only the word " True " or False . Omniture SiteCatalyst Cookies : These use a mix of first and third party cookies and have the below functions . No personal or sensitive information is collected . sc_ev : used to collect information about how visitors use the site . These can be considered as performance cookies and expire when the browser is closed . cmp_cookie : used to collect information about how visitors use the site . These can be considered as performance cookies and expire when the browser is closed . s_vi [ ID ] : is a persistent cookie which stores unique visitor ID and a time/date stamp . This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor and is served by 207.net. s_lv : This cookie tracks the number of days between visits for a user visiting the site . s_lv_s : This cookie is used by an Omniture plugin to capture the days since a user last visited the site . s_cc : This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled . s_sq : This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when some Omniture functionality is enabled ( normally ClickMap ) . It contains information about the previous link that was clicked on by the user . Session IDs : Our web server may create session cookies which are essential for your use of some of the interactive elements of the website , such as contact forms and logging in . The cookie contains a session ID which is a mechanism for distinguishing your visit to our website from any other visitors that may be using the website at the same time and expires when you leave our website . For more information on session IDs , please see http : //support.microsoft.com/kb/899918 . Analytics Cookies : We use Google Analytics to collect information about and analyse how visitors use our website . Google Analytics creates a number of first party cookies , all prefixed __utm , as follows :  __utma : contains a unique and anonymous identifying ID , which allows us to ensure that subsequent visits to our website are recorded as belonging to the same ( unique ) visitor . This cookie expires after two years . __utmb : used to establish and continue a unique user session . Each time you request another page from the website the cookie is updated to expire after 30minutes. __utmc : works with __utmb to determine when to create a new session for a website visitor . This is a session cookie and expires when you exit the browser . __utmz : tracks how you found us and is used to calculate traffic and navigation within the website . It is updated with every new page view and expires after 6 months . You may also sometimes find a __utmv cookie which relates to custom reporting segments , a feature which is occasionally used on Google Analytics . The information collected is completely anonymous and may expire after the current session or last longer . We do not allow external organisations to access , use or share any of this information . Full details of the cookies which Google Analytics uses can be found on the ' Cookies and Google Analytics ' page of Google 's website at http : //code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html in If you wish to opt out of our use of Google Analytics , you may wish to consider using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on , which can be found at http : //tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout , in order to maintain your experience for the rest of the website . Content Management and Site Navigation Cookies : Our content management tool creates a number of first party cookies . These are session cookies which are deleted when you close your browser . We use the data that is collected using these cookies to report , in aggregate , how our visitors find and use our website . This allows us to understand overall visitor behaviour and update and improve our website . All data is aggregated and can not be used to personally identify you . Mobile Cookies ( eflag ) : This is cookie that remembers your choice of the mobile or desktop site . The cookie lasts beyond your current session , but no personal or sensitive information is collected . Ident ( IDENT , SkipIdent ) : These cookies are used by the homepage to remember whether y you have elected to always skip the site 's intro sequence . F1 Store Cookies : These cookies identify users and retain information surrounding preferences , login , baskets etc . These are functional cookies . Persistent_id_ [ ID ] ASP.NET_SessionId Session_ [ ID ] KB_105_Language KB_105_BasketID KB_105_Currency KB_105_network As well as using cookies from our advertising partners , from time to time we may embed external content from third party websites within our website , such as plug-ins from Facebook and Twitter . We use these cookies , which maybe session or persistent , as marketing tools for our own business and to provide convenience tools for our visitors . As this content is created by an external service , we have no direct control over the setting or management of these cookies . If you would like to change your third party cookie preferences , please check the third party websites for information on how to manage them . Cloudflare Cookies ( _cfduid ) : This cookie is used as part of a service which helps improve your user experience by optimising page load times globally . The cookie lasts beyond your current session , but no personal or sensitive information is collected . Flash Local Shared Object ( LSO ) or Flash Cookies : We rarely use Flash technology on our website , however , occasionally , we use Adobe Flash technology , which uses Flash Local Shared Objects or Flash cookies , to display certain content as set out below . Please note that these cookies can not be controlled through your web browser . If you would like to disable or manage your Flash cookies , you must do this through Adobe 's Global Storage Settings panel at http : //www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html . Video Cookies : We may periodically use video services to host video content , and embed content in our web pages to allow you to watch the video without leaving our website . We use a variety of providers , but examples include : - YouTube 's embedded player : this currently creates & updates a Flash LSO called s.ytimg.com . We have no direct control over YouTube 's use of the data stored in this object . For more information , please read YouTube 's privacy policy . - Corus Video Player : Corus supply a similar service to YouTube . For more information , please view the Corus privacy policy We occasionally trial other services , which may create cookies on your computer or device . If we do so , these trials will be listed here . For more detailed information about cookies and how to manage them , please visit http : //www.aboutcookies.org/ . Unsubscribe We hope that you will enjoy using this Site and the services we offer . However , you may request that your personal information is not used in the ways outlined above . This is called unsubscribing , and may be achieved by any of the following methods :  Sign in and visit the Edit details page , untick the relevant check box ( es ) and save your details . If your personal information changes , or if you believe that the personal data we hold about you is incorrect , you may ask us to correct or update the personal information held by us by sending an email to admin @ formula1.com We may send you Site and service announcements or updates . You can not unsubscribe from service announcements , as they will contain important information about the services provided on the Site . Notification of Changes We may occasionally modify our Privacy Policy , and when this happens , we will notify you via our homepage . Privacy Support If you have any enquiry or concern about our privacy policy , please email us at admin @ formula1.com 
This privacy policy is applicable to the Site accessible at www.ufc.com , which is owned and operated by Zuffa , LLC ( hereinafter referred to as " we " , " our " , or " us " ) . The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect , how we may collect it , with whom we may share it , and certain other matters related to such information , including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you . The following are the types of information we may collect : Information You Provide Us Personal information that you provide to us , such as your user ID and password , name , email address , telephone number , physical address , birth date , gender or zip code or other information may be collected via the Site . Site Usage Information We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit the Site . For example , we may collect click-stream data and your IP address . Email Communications When you open emails from the Site , we may receive a confirmation noting you opened an email from us , if your computer supports such capabilities . We also may keep track of what emails we send you and what emails you may be receiving from us and our subsidiaries and affiliates . Additionally , we keep a record of what types of emails you have opted to and not to receive . Information from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to your personal information . We may collect information from you in several different areas on the Site , including but not limited to those described below : Registration You may be asked first to complete a registration form and provide personally identifiable information ; you may also be asked to choose a user ID and password in order to take advantage of certain features the Site may choose to offer , including , but not limited to , Newsletters , Contests , Forums or other subscription-based services . Newsletters and Site Emails We may offer free newsletters to share information with you about the Site , about us and our affiliates and subsidiaries , or about our business partners and advertisers and sponsors . You may receive a newsletter either by registering for a particular newsletter or in conjunction with a special feature or membership for which you have registered on the Site . You may cancel your free email subscription by following the instructions provided on the Site or , in some instances , in the designated area of certain newsletters or emails . Contests or Sweepstakes We may operate contests and sweepstakes through the Site which may require registration . Your personally identifiable information may be used to contact you for winner notification , prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes . We may ask your permission to allow us to post publicly some of your information on the Site , such as on a winners page , in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes . We will not post your information without your permission . In some instances , a third party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a contest or sweepstakes on the Site , and collect your information . In those cases , where we are not the operator or host of the contest or sweepstakes , we have no control over the information collected and accordingly urge you to review the advertiser 's or sponsor 's privacy policy applicable to the contest or sweepstakes before participating . Surveys or Voting From timeto-time we may request personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls . Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information . At times , you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey . Cookies As with many Websites , the Site uses standard technology called " cookies , " which are small data files that are transferred to your computer when you allow your browser to accept cookies . Cookies automatically identify your Web browser to the Site whenever you visit the Site , and make using the Site easier for you by saving your passwords , purchases , and preferences . By tracking how and when you use the Site , cookies help us determine which areas are popular and which are not . Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data obtained from cookies . Accepting cookies allows you , among other things , to personalize your experience on the Site . Cookies may also allow the Site to present to you advertising which may be of interest to you . If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies , you generally can opt out of providing this information by turning the cookies off in your browser ; however , some areas of the Site may not provide you with a personalized experience if you have disabled the use of cookies . IP Addresses and Click-stream Data We may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and sponsors . An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet . Our computers identify your computer by its IP address . When you request Web pages from the Site , our computers log your IP address . Click-stream data is information collected by our computers when you request Web pages from the Site . Click-stream data may include such information as the page served , the time , the source of the request , the type of browser making the request , the preceding page view and other such non-personal information . When analyzed , this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at the Site , what type of content is most popular , what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content and advertising , and the like . Transaction Information If you order any information from our Site , buy any of our products or subscribe for any of the services offered on our Site , we will ask you to complete an order form that will request certain information from you , including financial information such as a credit card number and expiration date and general contact , billing and shipping information . We will use this information to complete the transaction that you have requested , i.e. , to deliver the information , products or other services that you order , and to invoice you . Such information is collected and stored through encrypted means for your protection . We own the information collected via this Site . As applicable , the information you provide to us may be used to :  contact you about the Site ; contact you relating to your membership status ; confirm or fulfill an order you have made ; monitor or improve the use of the Site ; customize the advertising and content you see ; monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Site ; provide special offers to you from us and/or their respective affiliates and subsidiaries and other third parties ; send you promotional material on behalf of our business partners ; inform you of a prize you have won . At times , we may share your personally identifiable information with others for various purposes . The following outlines the ways in which your information may be shared with others : Agents : We employ other businesses , certain services and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include fulfilling orders , sending e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , Site analysis , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service . These entities have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Promotional Offers : We may send offers by email to you on behalf of other partners . When we do this , we do not give that partner your name and address . If you do not want to receive such offers , you may opt out in response to the email , or change your preferences by visiting http : //www.ufc.com . Aggregate Information : We may share aggregate information such as demographics and Site usage statistics with advertisers , sponsors or other organizations . When this type of information is shared , the other parties do not have access to your personally identifiable information . Opt-in and Opt-out Programs : Throughout the Site you may be presented with opportunities to receive special offers from third parties . An opt-in/opt-out message will ask you if you would like your information to be shared . If you do choose to have your information shared , in an effort to protect you , third parties who have access to personally identifiable information must abide by the current Site privacy policy . However , we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other companies , and you should review the privacy practices of such Web sites prior to providing your personally identifiable information . Partners Subsidiaries and Affiliates : We may share your information ( including , without limitation , personally identifiable information ) with our subsidiaries and affiliates . Business Transfers : The Site may be sold along with its assets , or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred . In such a case , your personally identifiable information , which we have gathered , may be one of the business assets we transfer . Legal Process : In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas , court orders or other legal process your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena , court order or legal process , which may be without notice to you . Chat Rooms , Forums , and Message Boards The Site may make chat rooms , forums and message boards available to its users . While you are required to register with the site for access to these areas , you are not required to provide any personal information when using these areas but you may choose to do so . If you post personal information online , it will be publicly available and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties . We can not ensure the security of any information you choose to make public in a chat room , forum , or message board . Also , we can not ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy . Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these areas . Links to Other Web Sites This privacy policy applies only to this Site . When you are on the Site you could be directed to other sites beyond our control . For example , if you " click " on a banner advertisement , the " click " may take you off the Site onto a different Web site . This includes links from advertisers , sponsors and others that may use the Site 's logo as part of a cobranding agreement . These other Web sites may send their own cookies to you , independently collect data or solicit personal information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies . If you visit a Website that is linked to our Site , you should consult that site 's privacy policy before providing any personal information . This Site incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security , integrity , completeness , accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss , misuse and alteration . Certain personally identifiable information , such as credit card information , is transferred to our computers utilizing encryption software . Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access . Our security policies are reviewed periodically and revised as required . The Site is a general audience site . We do not currently collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen on the Site . If in the future , we knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children , we will do so in compliance with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( 15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq. )  including , without limitation , obtaining necessary parental consents . By using this Site , you signify your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy . If we decide to change or update this privacy policy , we will post the change or update here . If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected , we will notify you by way of an email or some other means . Your continued use of the Site shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy . If your personally identifiable information ( such as your address ) changes , or if you no longer desire to access our Site , you may correct , update or remove the personal data you have provided to us by making changes to your profile , by using an opt out message in an email , or by emailing member Sites at info @ tv.com with your request . If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this Site , you can contact : info @ ufc.com Disclaimers ZUFFA DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT , SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED , OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED , OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS . THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN AS-IS AND AS-AVAILABLE BASIS . ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE . ZUFFA CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES . ZUFFA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY , NON-INFRINGEMENT , MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE . ZUFFA DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS , OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY ZUFFA SERVICES . YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES . YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST ZUFFA FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT . THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES . The above disclaimer applies to any damages , liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance , error , omission , interruption , deletion , defect , delay in operation or transmission , computer virus , communication line failure , theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to , alteration of , or use , whether for breach of contract , tort , negligence or any other cause of action . Zuffa reserves the right to do any of the following , at any time , without notice : ( 1 ) to modify , suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site , or any portion of the Site , for any reason ; ( 2 ) to modify or change the Site , or any portion of the Site , and any applicable policies or terms ; and ( 3 ) to interrupt the operation of the Site , or any portion of the Site , as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance , error correction , or other changes . Limitation of Liability Except where prohibited by law , in no event will Zuffa be liable to you for any indirect , consequential , exemplary , incidental or punitive damages , including lost profits , even if Zuffa has been advised of the possibility of such damages . If , notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use , Zuffa is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content , Zuffa 's liability shall in no event exceed the greater of ( 1 ) the total of any subscription or similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against Zuffa , or ( 2 ) US$ 100.00 . Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability , so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you . Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold Zuffa , its officers , members , directors , shareholders , predecessors , successors in interest , employees , agents , subsidiaries and affiliates , harmless from any demands , loss , liability , claims or expenses ( including attorneys ' fees ) , made against Zuffa by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site . Violation of These Terms of Use Zuffa may disclose any information we have about you ( including your identity ) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site , or to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) Zuffa 's rights or property , or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site , including Zuffa 's customers . Zuffa reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Zuffa deems necessary to comply with any applicable law , regulation , legal process or governmental request . Zuffa also may disclose your information when Zuffa determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure , including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes . You acknowledge and agree that Zuffa may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Zuffa through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site , and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Zuffa determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to ( 1 ) comply with legal process , ( 2 ) enforce these Terms of Use , ( 3 ) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others , or ( 4 ) protect the rights , property or personal safety of Zuffa , its employees , users of or visitors to the Site , and the public . You agree that Zuffa may , in its sole discretion and without prior notice , terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site . You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice , and will cause irreparable harm to Zuffa , for which monetary damages would be inadequate , and you consent to Zuffa obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Zuffa deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances . These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Zuffa may have at law or in equity . You agree that Zuffa may , in its sole discretion and without prior notice , terminate your access to the Site , for cause , which includes ( but is not limited to ) ( 1 ) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies , ( 2 ) a request by you ( self-initiated account deletions ) , ( 3 ) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site , or ( 4 ) unexpected technical issues or problems . If Zuffa does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use , Zuffa will be entitled to recover from you , and you agree to pay , all reasonable attorneys ' fees and costs of such action , in addition to any other relief granted to Zuffa . You agree that Zuffa will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use . Governing Law ; Jurisdiction You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site , including all disputes , will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada , USA . This Agreement has been delivered at and shall be deemed to have been made and entered into in Las Vegas , Nevada . Accordingly , the rights and liabilities of the parties shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada , without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws . The parties agree that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for the resolution of any dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement shall lie in the Eighth Judicial District Court for the State of Nevada , sitting in Las Vegas , Nevada . Each party irrevocably consents to the service of process in any such dispute if served in accordance with the notice provisions contained herein . Void Where Prohibited Zuffa administers and operates the www.Zuffa.com Site from its location in Cupertino , California USA ; other Zuffa sites may be administered and operated from various locations outside the United States . Although the Site is accessible worldwide , not all features , products or services discussed , referenced , provided or offered through or on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations , or appropriate or available for use outside the United States . Zuffa reserves the right to limit , in its sole discretion , the provision and quantity of any feature , product or service to any person or geographic area . Any offer for any feature , product or service made on the Site is void where prohibited . If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States , you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws . Miscellaneous You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content , or any product or service offered on the Site , in violation of any applicable laws or regulations , including without limitation United States export laws and regulations . If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable , such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use , so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect . These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Zuffa with regard to your use of the Site , and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and Zuffa with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled . Zuffa will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use , and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected . Zuffa 's failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by Zuffa of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use , nor shall any course of conduct between Zuffa and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use . These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties . Zuffa provides access to Zuffa international data and , therefore , may contain references or cross references to Zuffa products , programs and services that are not announced in your country . Such reference does not imply that Zuffa in your country intends to announce such products , programs or services . Feedback and Information Any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential . Zuffa shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis . The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice . Copyright 2013 Zuffa LLC . All rights reserved . 
PRIVACY POLICY A . The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device when you access , visit and/or use the Service . This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere , including without limitation offline and on sites , applications , destinations , or services linked to from the Service . B . The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent . For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , make a purchase , subscribe to our publication ( s ) , register for certain services , or register and/or set up an account/profile to access , visit and/or use certain portions of the Service , or the Service as a whole , you may be provided , or required to choose , a password and/or User ID , and you may provide a credit , debit , or charge card number , or other payment information , as well as your name , telephone number ( s ) , email and/or street address , and other personally identifiable information . Other information such as your age , gender , an avatar , and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested . In addition , you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging ( e.g. , email , SMS , MMS , or other technologies ) . All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your " Registration Information " . C . Our servers may also automatically collect information about you , your online behavior and your computer , mobile or other device . The information collected may include , without limitation , the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of you and/or your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data . D . If you choose to access , visit and/or use any third party social networking service ( s ) that may be integrated with the Service , we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that you have made available to those services , including information about your contacts on those services . For example , some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service . Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service . Your decision to use a social-networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary . However , you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services ' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services . We reserve the right to use , transfer , assign , sell , share , and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer , mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information . A . We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise , product , service , and/or Content you have requested . For example , if you subscribe to any of our publications , we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the publication . Similarly , if you enter an online sweepstakes , we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner . We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features , products or services , and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs . B . Unless otherwise specified on the Service , we may sell or share information about you and your computer , mobile or other device , including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information , with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you . If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described at the end of this document . If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us , simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive . ( But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us , such as transactional or relationship messages , and/or messages about your account/profile ) . If you 've registered on any part of the Service , please use the mechanism or contact information on the Service that allows you to change or update your member preferences or information , if available , to keep all such data accurate and up-to-date . If no such mechanism or contact information is available on the Service , contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below with your changes . C . We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services , such as technical maintenance , market research , community and forums management , auction services , and shopping , personal/job search and other classified ads functionality , but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services . And if you choose to purchase merchandise , products and/or services , including without limitation Content , on or through features on the Service , we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing , order fulfillment , credit pre-authorization , and address verification . There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties . In such cases , the information may be used by us and by such third party ( ies ) , each pursuant to its own policies . We may also provide your information to our advertisers , so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests . While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided , we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties . D . We reserve the right to access , use , and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health , safety and other matters of public interest . E . We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials , as well as private parties , including , for example , in response to subpoenas , search warrants , court orders , or other legal process . F . In addition , we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , which may at times be able to identify you , for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , analyze trends , track users ' movements around the Service , and to otherwise administer the Service . Geographic location information about you and/or your computer , mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location . G . We reserve the right to use , transfer , sell , and share aggregated , anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose , such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers , sponsors , clients and customers . H . In addition , as our business changes , we may buy or sell various assets . In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us , our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold , assigned , transferred or acquired by another company , the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets . I . We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you , your offline and online behavior , and/or your computer , mobile or other device ( including its geographic location ) , with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose . A . The Service will at times place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices ( e.g. , " cookies " ) on your computer , mobile or other device ( " Local Device Storage " ) . We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose , including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns , to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns , the movements of individual users , and your geographic location , to help diagnose problems with our servers , to gather broad demographic information , to analyze trends , to conduct research , to deliver editorial content , to record registration and personalization information , and to otherwise administer the Service . For example , if you register on any part of the Service and are given the option to save your user name and password , we may provide this convenience to you via Local Device Storage . Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information , which may be shared with our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates and other companies . B . If you do not want Local Device Storage , your computer , mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it . However , if you disable Local Device Storage , some portions of the Service may not function properly . C . In addition to Local Device Storage , we may use web beacons , web bugs , clear gifs , and similar technologies ( collectively , together with Local Device Storage , the " Tracking Technologies " ) . We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage . D . As discussed below , you may opt out of third party tracking on the Service at any time . However , we do not currently support any browser based Do Not Track ( DNT ) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks , and we do not assign any meaning to potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals . Our advertising service vendors and other third parties will at times also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites , applications , destinations , and services you have visited , and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements , and for other lawful business purposes . In doing so , these third parties will collect non-personally identifiable data including for example the make , model , settings , specifications ( e.g. , CPU speed , connection speed , browser type , operating system , device identifier ) and geographic location of your computer , mobile or other device , as well as date/time stamp , IP address , pages visited , time of visits , content viewed , ads viewed , the site ( s ) , application ( s ) , destination ( s ) , and/or service ( s ) you arrived from , and other clickstream data . The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies , not this Privacy Policy , and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith . If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide , you may be able to opt-out by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info . Your information may be transferred to , and maintained on , servers and databases located outside of your state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction . Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state , province , country or other governmental jurisdiction , and process it in the United States or elsewhere . Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer . A . Because no data transmission is completely secure , and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable , we can not guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers , networks or databases , and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access , visit and/or use the Service , including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof . B . Moreover , if you elect to store information , such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , where others may access it , we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof . If you lose a computer , mobile or other device , or it is stolen , that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information , it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself . C . In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised , we may seek to notify you . If notification is appropriate , we may notify you via your computer , mobile or other device . A . This Service is not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 . No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social , community , and public discussion areas , photo and video galleries , bulletin boards , forums , chats , blogs , personal/job search and other classified ads , and elsewhere . Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 , inclusive , must get the permission of their parent ( s ) or legal guardian ( s ) before making purchases , including subscriptions , on this Service . B . If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties . Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so . C . If you 're worried about your children 's activities or their privacy on the Service , we encourage you to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below . California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . We have such a policy in place . As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as described below . If you have any other concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy , please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows : Privacy Policy Coordinator American City Business Journals , Inc. 120 W. Morehead St. Charlotte , NC 28202 As discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) and 8 , you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes . If you wish to exercise this right , please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties . Also as discussed above in Section 2 ( B ) , if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us , you may contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator . Make sure to include enough information for us to help you , including for example your name , contact information , and the specific website , mobile site , application , and/or other service you 're contacting us about . Note : Only inquiries about this policy or your personal information should be sent to the Privacy Policy Coordinator . No other communications will be accepted or responded to . For communications on other matters , please contact us through the means described on the Service , if available ( for example , in the " Contact Us " section ) . * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  If you do n't agree to the terms contained in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy , you must immediately exit the Service . 
Arsenal Broadband Limited ( ABL ) and The Arsenal Football Club PLC ( Arsenal and together with ABL , we , our or us ) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy . ABL is a joint venture between Arsenal and Kroenke Sports Enterprises and is a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 4053669 . Arsenal is a company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 109244 . This document ( the Privacy Policy ) explains our policy regarding any information you might supply to us when you visit our website at www.arsenal.com ( the Website ) or that you provide to ABL or Arsenal via another route . Our goal is to protect your information . This Website contains links to other websites , which are provided for your convenience . We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this Website . We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit . The Data Controller ' ( for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 ( the Act ) ) of any personal information that you provide to us through the Website will be ABL unless the relevant page specifically states otherwise , or you provide such information in the context of :  purchasing tickets ( including hospitality ) , Arsenal memberships , Armoury Square stones , tours of Emirates Stadium , seat inscriptions or a subscription to the Arsenal magazine ; booking meeting or events at Emirates Stadium ; Arsenal Pics ; purchasing goods from The Arsenal Direct ; or Arsenal soccer schools , in which case the Data Controller will be Arsenal . Where you provide personal information via another route to either ABL or Arsenal , the Data Controller of such information will be the company to whom you provide it . This Privacy Policy uses some words with special meanings . These words identified in bold . If you want to know what any words with special meanings mean , simply scroll back till you find the word in bold , where you will also find the relevant explanation . The information we collect falls into the following categories ( together , the Information ) : a ) Personal information that you provide to us such as your name , address , telephone number , date of birth , credit card number , billing address , email address and details of purchasing preferences ( Personal Information ) , which we use in accordance with this Privacy Policy . b ) Website Use Information - the Website utilises a standard technology called cookies and web server logs to collect information about how the Website is used . Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits , the pages viewed , time spent at the Website , and the websites visited just before and just after the Website ( Website Use Information ) . For more information on the cookies that we use and their purpose , please see our Cookies Policy . If you would like further details in respect of the information we collect and hold about you , please contact our Data Protection Officer whose details are set out below . When you engage in certain activities on the Website or engage with ABL or Arsenal through another route , for example , by registering on the Website or as an Arsenal member , purchasing goods and services or entering competitions , we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form . It is completely up to you whether you engage in these activities . If you choose to engage in these activities , however , we may require you to provide us with Information . In some instances , you may also be asked to provide a credit or debit card number . We may supplement the Information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations , for example , our commercial partners . By using the Website , or by engaging with ABL or Arsenal via another route , you indicate your consent to us collecting and using your Information ( that you provide to us when interacting with ABL or Arsenal ) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy , unless you expressly state that such consent is not given . When you submit Information to us you understand and agree that we and our associated companies ( as defined in bold below ) may record , transfer , store , and process your Information in any of the countries in which we and our subsidiaries or affiliates maintain offices , including without limitation , the United Kingdom . See also Use of your Information outside the European Union ( Section 6 below ) . If you do not agree to these terms , please do not use the Website , register or purchase goods and services on the Website , enter competitions , or provide your Information to ABL or Arsenal via any other route . We take the security of your Information seriously . We have a committed security policy . We implement a number of security measures to ensure the safety of any Information in our possession or control . The Information is contained on a secure server , which is accessible only by a limited number of employees who have limited access rights to such information . When you submit your credit card details , we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology to guard your Information . In addition , we have security procedures in place to protect our customer database from loss and misuse , and only allow access to it when absolutely necessary , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the Information contained within it . We collect your Information to record and support your participation in the activities you select . We may use Information :  as part of our effort to keep you informed via mail , email , phone or fax about special offers , and other products and services we offer ; for record keeping purposes ; to improve the quality of our service ; for market research ; to measure and improve activity on the Website ; and to understand your preferences so that we can improve the products or services we offer . We may share and pass your Personal Information ( including details of your purchasing preferences ) with or to our holding companies , subsidiaries or associated companies in which we have an interest including , without limitation , any of our joint venture organisations ( together , our associated companies ) . We may also pass your Information to other carefully selected partner organisations ( partners ) with whom we have a business relationship , such as :  our sponsors ; financial services partners ; and other organisations whose services we need to use to process and deliver your orders , for credit control and debt collection , to maintain our systems or to comply with legal obligations or a court order . Each of our associated companies and these partners may keep you informed of services , products , events and special offers made available by that organisation . If you express an interest in an offer from one of Arsenal 's associated companies or partners , that associated company or partner may let us know . In all cases , we will take care to ensure that these organisations only process your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy , your preferences and the law . For a list of our associated companies or partners , please contact our Data Protection Officer whose contact details are listed below . If you do not wish the Information you provide to us to be shared with other associated companies or such partners , please indicate this preference when you provide the Information to us . Alternatively please contact our Data Protection Officer . We may also create an individual profile for you so that we can inform you of services , products , events or special offers that may be of interest to you . In the event of the sale of the business or the integration of the business with another party , we may disclose your details to advisers or prospective purchasers ' advisers . We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation , to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements , or to protect our rights or property or those of our customers or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . Your Information is password-protected to prevent unauthorised access to it . We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone . Some of the organisations ( including , without limitation , our associated companies and partners ) to which we may disclose your Information are situated outside of the European Union . In order to provide you with the products and services you require , we may need to transfer your Information to these countries some of which do not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom . If we do transfer your Information to other territories , we will endeavour to ensure that your Information is properly protected . We realise and understand that many children will visit the Website , or interact with ABL or Arsenal via another route , but encourage all persons under 13 to consult with their parents or legal guardian before submitting any content or information to ABL or Arsenal . Parents or legal guardians should , in particular , supervise children when online and recommend that parental control tools be put in place . Although anyone known to be under the age of 13 may participate in competitions and promotions , notification of a win or prize will be sent directly to the parent or legal guardian identified in the initial registration process . Any publication of a competition winner 's personal details for visitors known to be under 18 will require parental or legal guardian consent during registration . We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are , therefore , constantly under review . From time to time we may change our security and privacy policies . Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically , or request a copy of the current Privacy Policy from our Data Protection Officer , in order to keep up to date . You may correct the Information we hold about you by changing your profile preferences online or by contacting the Data Protection Officer ( see contact details below ) . Please include your name , address , and/or email address when you contact us . We would encourage you to update your Personal Information promptly if it changes . You have the right to see details of the information that we hold about you . We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make . The current fee is 10.00 . You may ask us to make any necessary changes to your Personal Information to ensure it is accurate and up-to-date . If you would like any further information or have any comments about our use of your Information , our Privacy Policy or any aspect of the Website or our service , please contact our Data Protection Officer by any of the methods shown below : Email : dataprotection @ arsenal.co.uk Post : Data Protection Officer , Arsenal Broadband Limited/The Arsenal Football Club PLC , Highbury House , 75 Drayton Park , London N5 1BU Copyright 2013 The Arsenal Football Club plc . Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.arsenal.com as the source 
Privacy Statement RealGM , L.L.C. , which operates the Web site RealGM.com ( " RealGM.com " ) , is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its online visitors . We are also extremely sensitive to families ' concerns about their children 's personal information and safety . We want you to know about and understand the measures we have taken to keep RealGM.com a safe and secure environment for everyone . This privacy statement tells you how and why we collect information from you , and how we use that information . We encourage our visitors to read through and understand our privacy statement . We may update it from time to time to address new issues or reflect changes on our site . Please refer to this privacy statement regularly . If you have any questions or concerns about the statement , please contact us at Legal @ RealGM.com . RealGM.com endeavors to provide you quality information that is tailored to your needs . In order to do that we sometimes need to ask you for information so that we can provide the kind of content you want , when you want it . We want to customize our site for you so that it meets your needs as fully as possible this includes customizing articles , discussions , banners and more . We may ask you to register or provide personal information when you visit certain areas of RealGM.com , enter a contest , play games , complete surveys , subscribe to a service or to a newsletter , submit content , or ask us for information . We consider the following to be personally identifiable information : first and last name , e-mail address , street address , zip code , phone number , and credit card number . We only collect personally identifiable information from you when you voluntarily submit it . Providing your personal information to RealGM.com is optional . If you choose not to register or provide personal information , you can still use our site but you may not have access to certain areas and/or types of information . Depending on the particular RealGM.com site with which you register , we may ask for your name , age , address and/or zip code , e-mail address , name of school or district , and/or grade level . If you are under 18 years of age , we will also ask you to provide your parent 's or guardian 's e-mail address . We may also ask you to choose a user name and password to use when you log in to the site . We use the personal and demographic information you provide us to tailor the content , services and advertising on RealGM.com to meet your current and future needs . Use of this data allows us to customize your experience by showing you content according to your preferences . From time to time , we may share the personal information you provide to us with our agents , third parties who are affiliated with our site , or with carefully selected companies or other parties so you can receive information that we believe may be of interest to you , or so that we may protect the user experience at RealGM.com . We may also use this information to inform you of product upgrades , special offers , updated information , and/or new services . We will also use your contact information to ship purchases made at RealGM.com . Financial information that you share is only used to check your qualifications . If a user is suspected of violating our Terms of Use , RealGM.com reserves the right to use and/or disclose personal information of a user in order to fully and properly address the violation that has occurred . If the information provided is from or about an individual under 18 years of age , we will use and/or disclose the information with the utmost sensitivity and care , and in accordance with all applicable federal and state laws . See below . RealGM.com gives you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information used for purposes not directly related to your use of the RealGM.com sites . If you register for any of the RealGM.com programs or services but do not want your data shared with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes , you can opt-out at any time by sending us an e-mail at Webmaster @ RealGM.com . To help us update your records correctly , please indicate in your e-mail if you are opting out of postal mail , e-mail or telemarketing communication . Please also provide your registration details including first name , last name , street address , city , state , postal code , and country . We are working hard to provide you with the best information and the highest quality interaction on the Internet in an environment that is safe . In compliance with COPPA ( Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ) , we have adopted the following policies to keep kids safe :  1 . We will NOT knowingly collect , use or distribute personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable consent from a parent or guardian . 2 . We will NOT knowingly collect , use or distribute personally identifiable information from teens between the ages of 13 and 17 without first notifying a parent or guardian . 3 . Personally identifiable information we collect from children under the age of 13 will be used solely by RealGM.com or its agents for internal purposes only and will not be sold or otherwise distributed to third parties . 4 . We will NOT knowingly allow a child under the age of 13 access to chat rooms , message boards , e-mail accounts , or other services within RealGM.com that would allow them to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable consent from a parent or guardian . 5 . We will NOT knowingly allow a teen between the ages of 13 and 17 access to chat rooms , message boards , e-mail accounts , or other services within RealGM.com that would allow them to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without first notifying a parent or guardian . 6 . We will NOT knowingly ask a child or teen to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity , game , or service . 7 . We will NOT knowingly provide any direct link to Web sites that are unsuitable for children or teens . 8 . RealGM.com will not advertise on any site that does not comply with the regulations set forth under COPPA . 9 . We will advise children under the age of 13 that they MUST obtain permission from their parent or guardian before sharing ANY personal information . 10 . Upon request , RealGM.com will provide a parent or guardian with a description of the information that may have been provided about their child or teen during a registration process for a program or service of our site . RealGM.com only asks for a child 's or teen 's personal information if it is necessary to participate in the program or service . The site administrator also has access to the registration data but it is only used for site maintenance . Registration data that is provided about children or teens is not used for marketing and is never shared with any other party . If you would like to view your child 's registration data , request a change , or request that we delete any of your child 's personal information , please send an e-mail to Legal @ RealGM.com which includes your child 's first and last name , school zip code , and your first and last name . RealGM.com urges parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names , addresses or phone numbers without permission when using the Internet . We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children . If you have any questions about our Kids ' Privacy Policy please e-mail RealGM.com at Legal @ RealGM.com . Certain areas and activities within RealGM.com ask visitors under the age of 18 to provide personal information such as their name , date of birth , e-mail address or school name . We only ask for the information that is necessary to participate in the particular activity . Before any personally identifiable information is collected , we will do our best to notify the parent or guardian that their child or teen is participating . Notification will include the exact nature and intended use of the information we are collecting , as well as the opportunity for the parent or guardian to prevent the use of the information and the child 's participation in the activity . If the child is under 13 years of age we require the parent or guardian to provide verifiable parental consent such as an e-mail to RealGM.com . If the individual is a teen between the ages of 13 and 17 , RealGM.com will notify the parent or guardian that his or her teen is participating and sharing personal information but we do not require consent . When verifiable parental consent has not yet been obtained , we will use online contact information ( such as an e-mail address ) only as is appropriate to :  request the name or online contact information of a parent or guardian for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notification to the parent or guardian ; respond directly to the child 's or teen 's request on a one-time basis ( for example , to provide assistance with a particular study question ) , not using that information to re-contact the child or teen for any other purpose ; respond more than once directly to a specific request from the child ( for example , to satisfy the request for a newsletter subscription ) , not using that information to re-contact the child or teen for any other purpose . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique " cookie " on your browser . The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry ; you 'll find them used on RealGM.com , as you will at other major sites . " Cookies " are small text files written to your computer . They make our site easier for you to use because they save your preferences while you are at our sites ( although we do not save passwords in cookies ) . Cookies also help us know which areas are your favorites , which need a bit of improvement , and what technologies and Internet services our visitors are using . Knowing this information helps us continually improve the online experience for our visitors and members . The non-personally identifiable information we track with cookies is anonymous and is not used to identify , or lead us back to , any particular visitor . Visitors to RealGM.com may have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences ( most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies ) . While browsing through RealGM.com , you may get cookies from our advertisers or sponsors . RealGM.com and its affiliated sites do not control these cookies . What are IP Addresses ? An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you use the World Wide Web . Web servers the big computers that " serve up " Web pages automatically identify your computer by its IP address . RealGM.com collects IP addresses for system administration ; to report aggregate information to our advertisers , sponsors , and partners ; and to audit the use of our site and to ensure compliance with the Terms of Use ( and to address violations of the Terms of Use ) . When visitors request pages from RealGM.com sites , our servers log the guests ' IP addresses . We normally do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable . This means that a visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us . We can and will use IP addresses ( and other personal information , but only to the extent necessary ) to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules or our Terms of Use , or to protect our service , site , customers , or other individuals . Some features within RealGM.com , such as certain message boards , may display IP addresses along with the message-poster 's visitor name and message . You should review each feature prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable sharing . RealGM.com uses outside advertising companies to display ads on our site . These ads may contain cookies . While cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company , RealGM.com does NOT work with any partners who do not comply with our privacy policy guidelines . Occasionally , you will find links from RealGM.com to independently owned , controlled , and/or managed sites whose content we believe will be of possible interest and value to our visitors . Additionally , you 'll see links from advertisers , sponsors , and other partners who may use RealGM.com 's logo as part of a co-branding agreement . In many cases , these links represent cooperative projects or mutual links established with the organizations connected with these sites . We do n't control the content of these links . These other sites may send you their own cookies , collect data , or solicit personal information . While we identify sponsor and advertiser areas of our site , we do not control these cookies or the content of these third parties . RealGM.com has partnered with other companies to provide certain services . In some cases , while you may see RealGM.com 's logo on another company 's site . RealGM.com does not share any of your personally identifiable information with these partners and they do not share any information back with us . Once you leave our servers ( you can generally tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , the use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting . That policy may differ from ours . If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from that site 's Home page , you should contact the site directly for more information . We specifically recommend that children check with their parents or teachers before clicking on to any new sites . RealGM.com makes chat rooms , forums , message boards , and other groups available to its users . Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information . Consequently , you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information . To the extent that portions of RealGM.com , such as chat rooms or bulletin boards , provide users an opportunity to post and exchange information , ideas and opinions ( " Postings " ) , BE ADVISED THAT REALGM.COM MAY NOT SCREEN , EDIT , OR REVIEW POSTINGS PRIOR TO THEIR APPEARANCE ON REALGM.COM , and Postings do not necessarily reflect the views of RealGM.com . RealGM.com reserves the right to monitor all Postings and to remove any which it considers offensive or otherwise in violation of our legal Terms and Conditions . Please read these Terms of Use according to which RealGM.com will in no way be responsible or liable for the Postings . Here are more legal notices regarding Postings : You must have all necessary rights in and to all Postings you provide and all material they contain ; your Postings must not infringe any proprietary or other rights of third parties ; your Postings must not contain any viruses or other contaminating or destructive devices or features ; your Postings must not contain any defamatory , indecent , offensive , tortuous , or otherwise unlawful material or content ; and your Postings must not be used to carry out or solicit any unlawful activity and/or be used to make commercial solicitations . Also , you authorize RealGM.com to use and/or authorize others to use all or part of your Postings in any manner , format , or medium that RealGM.com or such other parties see fit ; and you shall have no claim or other recourse against RealGM.com for infringement of any proprietary right in Postings . Violating these terms will subject the user to investigation and enforcement to ensure compliance ; personal information may be used and/or disclosed by RealGM.com in this process , to the extent necessary to ensure a safe and enjoyable experience at RealGM.com . If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of RealGM.com , or your dealings with RealGM.com , please e-mail us at Legal @ RealGM.com . 
Privacy Policy Your privacy is important to us . To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested . This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the MyFantasyLeague.com website . On some pages , you can order products , make requests , and register to receive materials . The types of personal information collected at these pages are : Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information On your league page , you may voluntarily enter contact information that makes it easier for league members to contact you , including : Name Email address Phone numbers ( daytime , evening , fax , cell ) Personal web site URL Instant messaging IDs We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order . We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order . We do not , in any manner , use the information voluntarily entered on your league page . It is important to realize that anyone ( not just your league members ) may view your personal ( non-MFL ) web site if defined , but the contact information you enter on your league page is only seen by league members while they are logged in . We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive . Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties . Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses . To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online . Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important . For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 . You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows an error . To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections . Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please fill out our support form . 
1 . This Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how 101 Great Goals processes information about you both directly and indirectly . Please read this Privacy and Cookie Policy in conjunction with the terms & conditions of the particular service or services you are using . 2 . Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to 101 Great Goals and any websites hosted by or on behalf of 101 Great Goals , but not to other companies ' or organizations ' websites to which we link and who operate their own privacy policy . 3 . Personal Data is any data that identifies you . You agree that the Personal Data which you supply to us will be true , complete and accurate in all respects and you agree to notify us immediately of any changes to that . We will deal with your Personal Data in compliance with the current US data protection legislation . 4 . 101 Great Goals or its Group companies or selected third parties will use your Personal Data which you provide to us together with other information we collect for providing the 101 Great Goals services to you , administration , marketing , research , analytics , Customer Services , tracking your device and web use preferences , and profiling your purchasing preferences . We may disclose your information to our service providers and agents to help us with these purposes , in accordance with US data protection legislation . 5 . We may use your Personal Data to personalize your visits to our websites and recommend goods or services to you . We may also use the information to help us develop our offers and the layout of our websites to ensure that our services are as useful and enjoyable as possible . We may then ( except to the extent that you have directed us not to ) use this Personal Data for providing you with information about goods , services or promotions that may be of interest to you . Please call Customer Services on +1-781-431-6027 if you do not wish to receive such information from us as set out in this paragraph 5 . 6 . We may also use your Personal Data to contact you in order to conduct market research e.g. surveying needs and opinions on issues such as our performance . Any information that we collect from you in the course of such market research will be used to produce aggregate statistics about our sales , customers , traffic patterns and other site information , but these statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you . 7 . The periods we keep your Personal Data can vary according to the purposes for which it is being used . Unless there is a specific legal requirement to keep your Personal Data we will not keep it for longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected or for which it is to be further processed . 8 . By using our services you consent to us processing your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy and transferring your information to countries which do not provide the same level of data protection as the US if necessary for providing you services you require . If we do make such a transfer , we will put a contract in place to ensure your information is protected . 9 . Unfortunately the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure . Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data we can not guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site , and transmission is at your own risk . Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access . 10 . By using our services you consent to us sharing your information with other companies who are our business partners . They or we may contact you by mail , telephone , electronic messaging services , fax or email to let you know about any goods , services or promotions which may be of interest to you . Please contact Customer Services on +1 781 431-6027 , if you do not wish to receive such information from us as set out in this paragraph 10 , or if you do not wish to receive information from our business partners , but remember that this will preclude you from receiving any of our special offers or promotions or those of our business partners . 11 . If you have any questions about the handling or protection of your Personal Data or your rights under this Privacy and Cookie Policy please contact Customer Services by calling +1 781-431-6027 from any phone . 12 . You have a right to ask for a copy of your information ( for which we charge a small fee ) and to correct any inaccuracies . 13 . When you give us information about another person you confirm that they have appointed you to act for them , to consent to the processing of their personal data in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy , and to the transfer of their information abroad and to receive on their behalf any data protection notices . 14 . 101 Great Goals may disclose your Personal Data acting reasonably if it believes such action is necessary : to conform with a legal requirement or comply with the legal process , protect and defend the rights or property of 101 Great Goals , enforce this Privacy and Cookie Policy , or to protect the interests of its users . 15 . Any changes we make to our Privacy and Cookie Policy in the future will be posted on this page and , where appropriate notified to you by SMS or e-mail . A cookie is a small , unique text file that is saved on your hard disk by a website . The cookie is used by the web site to identify your computer whenever you visit that website . Cookies can not be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer . Cookies can only be read by a web server from the same domain ( e.g. 101 Great Goals ) that saved the cookie on your computer . 101 Great Goals and/or our third party advertisers may use cookies and Web beacons ( also known as pixel tags ' ) to help you save time , track your usage patterns and provide you with a more personalised service on our web site . The main purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific Web page . For example , if you personalise Web pages , or register for products or services , a cookie helps our Web page server to recall your specific information . When you next visit the 101 Great Goals web site , the information you previously provided can be retrieved , so you can easily use the website features that you previously chose . Even if you use more than one computer on a regular basis , we can link cookies together so you will still receive a personalised online experience . 101 Great Goals can also personalize the information you see based on what we already know about you , so that you spend less time looking for things . So , instead of one site for all 101 Great Goals customers , each 101 Great Goals user can have a site which is unique to them . You have the ability to accept or decline cookies . 101 Great Goals uses cookies provided by third-party technology such as DoubleClick to collect data about the websites that you visit . We will use the data that we collect through our use of these cookies to ensure that you see relevant and useful adverts when you visit our websites . Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer . If you want to disable cookies , find out which browser you are using and follow the instructions below . Unfortunately , if you choose to decline cookies , some of the interactive features of the 101 Great Goals websites may not be available to you . We advise regular users of 101 Great Goals websites to accept cookies from 101 Great Goals . 101 Great Goals is committed to protecting your privacy and only uses cookies to improve our service to you , for example , by offering tailored information based on your interests . The usage patterns tracked by cookies remain confidential . 101 Great Goals does not share or sell any cookie-generated information . Please note that our advertisers or websites to which 101 Great Goals links may also use cookies , over which we have no control . Information on changing the level of cookie security and disabling cookies 1 . Select Tools ' from the main task bar then Internet Options ' 2 . Click on the Privacy ' tab 3 . Choose the level of cookie security you want , ranging from Block All Cookies , High , Medium High , Medium ( default level ) , Low and Accept All Cookies For more detailed information on these options under Internet Explorer 6 , please click on the link below . http : //support.microsoft.com/support/kb/articles/Q283/1/85.ASP Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 1 . Select Tools ' from the main task bar then Internet Options ' 2 . Change to the Security ' tab and click Custom Level ' 3 . Scroll down to the Cookies ' section and set Disable ' 4 . Click OK ' 1 . Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Options ' 2 . Click on the Privacy ' panel 3 . Under the Cookies ' section uncheck the Accept cookies from sites ' option 4 . Click OK ' Firefox 1.0 1 . Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Options ' 2 . Click on the Privacy ' panel and then click on Cookies ' 4.3 . Uncheck the Allow sites to set cookies ' option Click OK ' 1 . Select Tools ' from the main task bar and then Preferences ' 2 . Click on the Advanced ' panel and then Cookies ' 3 . Click on Never accept cookies ' 4 . Click on OK ' 1 . Click on the Tools button from the main task bar and then Preferences ' 2 . Click on the Security ' panel 3 . Under the Accept Cookies ' section click on Never ' 4 . Click on the X in the top right corner to close box 1 . Click on the Spanner icon and select Options ' from the drop down list 2 . Select the Under the Hood ' tab 3 . Change the cookie setting to Block all cookies ' 4 . Click on the Close ' button 1 . Launch the mobile browser 2 . Select Options or Settings ' 3 . Click on the Cookie ' ( or click on privacy then cookies ) 4 . Choose the level of Cookie security you want , ranging from Accept all , Reject all or Prompt ( or on/off ) DoubleClick Cookies 1 . Go to http : //www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx 2 . Click on the AD COOKIE OPT-OUT link 3 . Ensure you see a Opt-out completed successfully message Last Updated 25 October 2010 
Last Updated : May 7 , 2006 Yardbarker is a social media network for sports fans . The site lets people discover relevant sports content submitted by other community members . To accomplish this , our users create their own profiles , which display some personal information to other members and visitors . This allows our users to identify each other and expand their personal network of contacts . Yardbarker members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them . Yardbarker cares deeply about online privacy . If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy , please email us at info @ yardbarker.com . Yardbarker collects user submitted information such as name , email address , and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Yardbarker service . Yardbarker also collects other profile data including but not limited to : personal interests , gender , age , and geographical location in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other . Yardbarker also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address , profile information , aggregate user data , cookie information , and browser type , from users and visitors to the site . This data is used to manage the website , track usage and improve the website services . This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members . User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes User Profile information including members ' pictures , user names , and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Yardbarker social networking community . Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Yardbarker , to add users to members ' contacts networks , and to send notifications related to the service . With the exception of inviting friends , adding friends , and notifications , a user 's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user 's personal network . Users within a personal network communicate on Yardbarker with each other through the Yardbarker service , without disclosing their email addresses . Users ' full names are never directly revealed to other members . We may also use a user 's email address to send updates , a newsletter , or news regarding the service , though users may choose not to receive email of this type . From time to time , Yardbarker or a partner , may sponsor a promotion , sweepstake or contest on Yardbarker . Users may be asked to provide personal information including name , email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate . We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from . It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply . Yardbarker members can invite friends to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system . Yardbarker stores the email addresses that members provide so that the respondents may be added to the friend 's list of the member sending the invitations , and also to send reminders of the invitations . Yardbarker does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations , invitation reminders ( up to three ( 3 ) per email address ) . Recipients of invitations from Yardbarker may contact Yardbarker to request the removal of their information from our database . You may prevent Yardbarker email invitations and other messages from being sent to any email address you control by sending a single email with the subject " BLOCK INVITE " to info @ yardbarker.com . Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block . Yardbarker uses cookies to store visitors ' preferences and to record session information , for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same promotions and advertisements , and to customize newsletter , advertising , and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information . We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site . You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however , you must enable cookies from Yardbarker in order to use most functions on the site . Yardbarker contains links to sites . Yardbarker is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites . When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site . Our privacy policy only governs information collected on Yardbarker . Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals , WebLogs , Message Boards , Classifieds or any other Public Forum that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications . Yardbarker users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info . Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by Yardbarker or one of our Web advertising partners . Our Web advertising partners may set cookies . These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement . In this way , ad servers may compile information about where you , or others who are using your computer , saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on . This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you . This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Yardbarker and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . If you 'd like to opt out of any data collection in regards to our advertisements , please go here : http : //www.networkadvertising.org Yardbarker member accounts are secured by member-created passwords . Yardbarker takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private . We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database , and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions , such as our customer service personnel and technical staff . Please note that we can not guarantee the security of member account information . Unauthorized entry or use , hardware or software failure , and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time . For any additional information about the security measures we use on Yardbarker , please contact us at info @ yardbarker.com . Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement , Yardbarker will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary : ( 1 ) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena , search warrant or other legal process received by Yardbarker , whether or not a response is required by applicable law ; ( 2 ) to enforce the Yardbarker Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights ; or ( 3 ) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service . For more information see the " Changes in Our Privacy Policy " section below . In the event that Yardbarker is acquired by or merged with a third party entity , we reserve the right , in any of these circumstances , to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger , acquisition , sale , or other change of control . In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy , insolvency , reorganization , receivership , or assignment for the benefit of creditors , or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors ' rights generally , we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated , transferred , or used . Yardbarker is hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States . If you are a User accessing Yardbarker from the European Union , Asia , or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection , use , and disclosure , that differ from United States laws , please be advised that through your continued use of Yardbarker , which are governed by U.S. law , this Privacy Notice , and our Terms of Use , you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer . From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes , we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and when we may disclose it . A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If , however , we are going to use users ' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days . If you have any questions about this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , please contact us at : info @ yardbarker.com ( 625 2nd Street , 4th Floor , San Francisco CA 94107 ) . 
Manchester United is a group of companies which includes Manchester United Limited , Manchester United Football Club Ltd and Manchester United Interactive Ltd ( together " MU " , " we " and " us " ) . For a full list of companies in the Manchester United Group please click here . MU takes the privacy of all its fans , customers and website users very seriously and takes great care to protect your information . This privacy policy explains what information we collect about you , how we may use it , and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure . We also explain your rights and how to contact us . Please note , this website contains links to other websites which are provided for your convenience . We are only responsible for the privacy practices and security of this site . We recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of each and every other website that you visit . By using this website and giving your information to us , you indicate your consent to us and our commercial partners collecting and using your personal information in accordance with the terms set out in this policy . In order to provide you with services , we may collect personal information about you from our website , telephone conversations , emails and written and verbal communications . We may , for example , keep a record of your name , address , delivery address , email address , telephone number and credit card details . We may also record details of any disability or health needs you may have at the time of booking an event or service which will take place at the stadium or any of our other premises to help to ensure your safety . We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you or which we receive from other organisations , for example , our commercial partners . All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded , used , and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy . We will primarily use your personal information to provide our products and services to you and , for example :  - to administer and provide products and services you request - to communicate with you in the event that any products or services you have requested are unavailable - for fraud screening and prevention purposes ( see below for further details ) - for record keeping purposes - to carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer - to track activity on our website - to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences and to calculate the level of any loyalty reward due to you In order to provide our products and services to you , we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf . These will include , for example , delivery organisations , fraud screening companies ( see below ) and mailing houses . In these circumstances , we will ensure that your information is properly protected . In order to combat credit and debit card ( payment card ) fraud , MU uses 3rd Man Limited to provide payment card fraud screening services . In order to do this , MU provide 3rd Man with details of all transactions where made using a payment card . This information includes :  - name , address and contact details of the purchaser ; - details of products/services purchased ; and - financial/payment details ( including credit card details ) . 3rd Man will then analyse and ( if applicable ) match this data with details of other transactions provided to it by other retailers/service providers in order to assess if there is a fraud risk associated with the purchase . On completion of this analysis , 3rd Man will provide MU with a risk assessment for that particular purchase and we may cancel any transaction if we reasonably consider that it presents a fraud risk to MU . In such circumstances , MU will act in good faith in attempting to contact any purchaser of goods or services to allow them the opportunity to pay using cleared funds . If you have any further queries as to the details of this service , please contact us at the address set out below . Please note that while the information disclosed to 3rd Man and the results of any assessment will not be directly disclosed to any other third party , they may be used by 3rd Man to make risk assessments on behalf of other customers . Where we do provide 3rd Man with this information we will ensure that your information is properly protected . Manchester United teams up with a selection of carefully chosen commercial partners , an up-to-date list of our partners is available by clicking here or from the address below . Our commercial partner programme is designed to support the Club and also to bring customers , fans and website users a diverse range of MU associated and MU branded offers ( such as MU Finance offers ) at competitive prices . MU and/or these commercial partners would like to contact you to tell you more about the offers available to you and about a range of other MU initiatives in a number of ways , including by post , telephone , text/picture/video message , digital television , fax or by email . If you express an interest in an offer from one of our commercial partners , that partner may let us know . This enables us to take your views and interests into account when choosing our commercial partners and developing the programme . Please be assured , you are under no obligation to buy anything or to participate in any MU initiatives , however , if you prefer not to be contacted either by us or any of our commercial partners , you can opt out by clicking the relevant boxes on the screen upon which you provide information or by writing to us by mail or email ( see the section " How to contact us " below ) . You can change your mind at any time . Please note , if you do opt out of receiving information , we and/or our commercial partners will be unable to keep you informed of new services , products , events or special offers that may interest you and our ability to inform you of ticketing opportunities may be affected . Some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information are situated outside of the European Union . In order to provide you with the products and services you require , we may need to transfer your personal information to these countries some of which do not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the United Kingdom . If we do transfer your personal information to other territories , we will take proper steps to ensure that your information is protected in accordance with this privacy policy . In common with many other website operators , we may use standard technology called ' cookies ' on this site . Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate this website on each visit . For further , more detailed information on how we use cookies , please refer to our Cookie Policy . We take the security of your personal information seriously . When you submit your credit card details to us , we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology to guard your information . In addition , we have security procedures in place to protect our paper based systems and computerised databases from loss and misuse , and only allow access to them when it is absolutely necessary to do so , and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the personal information contained within them . We may monitor or record telephone calls for security purposes and to improve the quality of services that we provide to you . We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are , therefore , constantly under review . From time to time we may change our security and privacy policies . Accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review our current policies . You may correct your personal information by emailing us at privacy @ manutd.co.uk or by changing your profile on our website . Please include your name , address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person . We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes . You have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you . We may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make . The current fee is 10.00 . Telephone +44 ( 0 ) 161-868-8000 Email privacy @ manutd.co.uk Mail Data Protection Officer , Manchester United Limited , Sir Matt Busby Way , Old Trafford , Manchester , M16 0RA Fax +44 ( 0 ) 161-868-8818 
The Active Network , Inc. and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries ( collectively , ACTIVE , us , we or our ) value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information . ACTIVE is a leading provider of Activity and Participant Management solutions . Our flagship technology platform , ACTIVEWorks , transforms the way organizers manage their activities and events by automating online registrations and streamlining other critical management functions , while also driving consumer participation to their events . Our websites include online communities for people who want to discover , participate in , and share activities about which they are passionate . Using our services , you 'll be able to learn about upcoming events , and , in some circumstances , to register for those events and tell your friends about the events . Our services may also be used by organizations to provide you the ability to take certain actions . For example , we may create or host websites and mobile applications on the behalf of others that allow you to , among other things , register for a class or conference , make campsite reservations , purchase hunting or fishing licenses , or pay a parking ticket . We also offer mobile applications that provide information about events in your area , permit you to register for races , make camping reservations , book tee times , create and download training programs , and enjoy many of the benefits of our websites , in addition to other services ( collectively , Applications ) . In general , our Applications operate on an open network ; that means that any information that you post to these Applications may be available to other users of the same application , and , in some instances , on our websites . In this Privacy Policy ( Policy ) , we describe the information that we collect from visitors to and users of our websites ( Sites ) , our blogs , our Applications , and our online products and services ( collectively , Services ) . By visiting our Sites or using any of our Services , you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy , which is incorporated by reference into the ACTIVE Terms of Service , available at http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/terms-of-use . ACTIVE has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy and Children 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's Web Privacy , COPPA , and TRUSTed Cloud program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe programs do not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . The TRUSTe Privacy Seal covers only information that is collected through the following ACTIVE websites : Active.com , Activeglobal.com , Thriva.com , Trainer.active.com , eTeamz.com , Activegiving.com , Campregister.com , Fellowshipone.com , Regonline.com , Starcite.com and Reserveamerica.com . The TRUSTe programs do not cover information that may be collected through the Applications or mobile devices . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ activenetwork.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . The information we collect from you allows you to log into our Sites ; use our Services and Applications ; and register for and/or set up registration for you or your organization 's own customers for events , contests , camps , licenses , classes , tickets , facility/equipment use , transactions , sales , memberships , reservations , donations and/or activities ( collectively , Events ) . We also collect information from businesses , organizations , and individuals who request information from ACTIVE . Individuals and agents of individuals may provide us information directly or indirectly by registering for an Event or by otherwise using our Services ( these individuals are referred to as Consumers ) . For example , you may enter your information in order to register for an Event , or someone who has organized a team may enter your information on your behalf to register your entire team . In addition , individuals or organizations can use our Services to set up Events for Consumers ( those who use our Services to provide a service to Consumers are referred to as Clients ) . Relatedly , our Clients ( including agents of our Clients ) may provide us personal information about individuals who have registered for an Event being operated by our Client or who the Client wants us to contact or otherwise provide Services to on behalf of the Client . Information We Collect Directly From You . Account Information for our Sites . You may browse our Sites without creating an online account or providing us with your information , but to use certain features or to register for an Event , you may need to create an account or otherwise provide us with information . When you create an account with us or register for an Event , we may ask you to provide the following :  Your first and last name ; Your email address and your desired password ; Your display name ( this is the name other people will see when you post items to one of our Sites or engage in other similar activities on our site ) ; Your date of birth ; Your subscription preferences ( whether and what types of information you would like us to send you ) Information about your activities and interests ; Other profile data , such as contact information , occupation , gender and photo ; Your physical activities or similar health related information ( how long you exercised , caloric intake or weight lost ) ; The contact of information of a friend ( when inviting them to visit the Site ) ; Payment information , such as credit card or financial account numbers ( if applicable ) . Log in Information for our Sites . Once you have signed up for a particular ACTIVE Site , on subsequent visits to the same Site , you may simply need to enter your user ID or email address ( as applicable ) and password to gain access to the Site ; however , for certain Sites , your login credentials will only gain you access to Events held by the particular Client with whom you originally registered . In some cases , you may be able to use your log in credentials to access multiple ACTIVE Sites . Log in and Location Information for our Mobile Applications . When you first visit any of our Applications , you may have the option of creating a user ID and password for subsequent visits . When you log into certain of our Applications , we will request your permission to obtain your current location ( so-called geolocation information ) so that we can identify Events near you or to provide other location-related services . In the settings function on your phone , you will have the ability to manually permit or preclude us from recording your geolocation information for certain Applications or features of Applications , for example , so that we can track your running route , point you to an open ski slope , or help you to find a campground . Events and Training Information . As a registered user of our Sites , you may be able to post information about upcoming Events . We may collect information from you if you choose to register for an Event or record your training activity . For some Events , you may register directly on our Sites and through our Applications ; for other Events , we may provide a link that directs you to the sponsor or holder of the Event . The information that we collect about you may vary based on the Event , but generally includes the same type of information that you would include when creating an account with us . In addition , if the Event is a race or timed event , we may collect information related to tracking your performance ( e.g. , data collected by a race chip ID ) . If there is a charge to enter the Event , we may collect your credit card billing information , including your credit card number , expiration date , billing and shipping address , and other information necessary to process your payment . Church Management Systems . With respect to our church management Services , when you attend a class , give to the church , request assistance , or your children are cared for , we may request additional information about you , however , you can choose not to provide us with such information . For example , Salvation date , Baptism date , and/or church membership/leadership classes attendance may be requested . As well , your testimony will be captured if you provide it . This information will be used solely in ways to understand on how to best meet you and your family 's spiritual needs . Please see Charitable Events/Fundraising for our policy concerning charitable contributions to the church using Online Giving . Charitable Events/Fundraising . You may create a page on certain of our Sites to collect donations for ( i ) your participation in a charity event ( e.g. , you want to raise money for running in a marathon ) , ( ii ) a particular charity , or ( iii ) for other purposes . We may collect information from you surrounding the charitable event or your request for donations . In addition , if you donate to a particular Event/cause , we may collect your name , contact information , and credit card information . Contests , Surveys and Questionnaires . When you sign up for sweepstakes or contests , or complete questionnaires or surveys , we collect the information you submit to us . We use this information to administer the sweepstakes , contest or survey , to analyze the results , for research purposes , to send you other information or offers we think may be of interest to you , to comply with legal requirements , and for other purposes as discussed in this Policy . Licenses , Reservations , Permits , and Fines . When you purchase hunting or fishing licenses , camping permits , or submit payment for fines , we may require additional information about you in order to complete your request . For example , we may need your driver 's license number , social security number , or visa or passport number in order to verify your identity and process your request . In addition , we might collect public agency reservation information ( e.g. , information about your planned visit to a specific government agency-operated or government agency-administered campground or park , such as dates of stay or number of occupants , other than personal information ) . This information is used only as necessary in order to help complete your transaction . Golf Tee Times . When you purchase or make a golf tee time reservation , you may be required to provide your name , your phone number , and you may be required to provide a credit card number to hold or process your reservation . Suppliers of Services to Corporate Clients for Meeting Management . ACTIVE provides access to its Services via Sites to suppliers of services to corporate Clients ( Suppliers ) . These Suppliers include hotels , convention and visitors bureaus , and destination management companies . Individuals and companies ( Buyers ) use ACTIVE 's technology via Sites on behalf of corporate Clients to manage meetings , and to purchase services for these meetings and events from Suppliers . Attendees use the Services when invited by a corporate Client to attend a meeting . They do so by viewing a Site that contains questions created by the corporate Client . By responding to these questions , the attendee gives the corporate client information about the attendee and the attendee 's plans for attending that specific meeting . RFPs . When a Client submits a request for proposal ( RFP ) to a property or service provider listed through our Services , we will contact the applicable property or service provider and disclose information necessary to submit the RFP , which may contain personal information . The property or service provider will not have access to the Client 's address book or information collected through the Service . User Profiles , Comments and Posts . Some of our Sites and Applications allow users to create or post content , such as comments , profiles , blogs and messages . If you provide content to our Sites , we may collect and use that information as described in this Policy . Please note that such information may be viewed , collected or used by other registered users and public visitors to our Sites . Once posted , we can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy , the law or your personal privacy . Your profile , however , may offer privacy settings within your account to help you manage how your content is displayed . Job Site References . As part of applying for employment with ACTIVE , we may ask you for information such as details regarding your education , employment history , qualifications , and the contact information of a former colleague 's name . This information is used for job reference purposes only and is not used for any other purpose . Information We Collect from Facebook . We may provide you with the opportunity to connect via Facebook , through our Sites or Applications . For example , you can indicate that you are going to participate in an Event and invite your Facebook friends to join that Event . If you log into Facebook through our Sites or Applications , we will request permission to ( i ) access your basic information , which includes your name , profile picture , gender , networks , Facebook user ID , list of friends and any other information that you have made public on Facebook ; and ( ii ) manage your participation in Events ( so that ACTIVE may RSVP on your behalf ) . For information about how Facebook may disclose your information , including any information you make public , please consult the Facebook Data Use Policy . We have no control over how Facebook uses or discloses the personal information you provide to it . We store the information that we receive from Facebook along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you . Information We Collect About You From Third Parties . We also may collect information , including personally identifiable information , about you from our affiliates and non-affiliated third parties . For example , if you register for a race by clicking through our Sites , the sponsor of the race may provide us with your name and contact information ; and , when the race is over , we also may obtain your race time . Information We Collect Automatically . We may use cookies , web beacons , and other automated devices to collect information , including personally identifiable information , about you when you visit our Sites and receive emails from us . Specifically , we may collect the following information about your use of our Sites via these technologies : your browser type and operating system ; web pages you view ; links you click ; your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; your approximate geographic location ; your interaction with the Sites ; length of time you are logged in to our Sites ; and websites visited before or after our Sites . In some of our email messages , we use a click-through URL linked to content on the ACTIVE website . When Customers click one of these URLs , they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our Site . We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications . If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages . We also collect non-personal data ( including , without limitation , of the type set forth above ) from third parties . The information we collect from third parties may be combined with the information we collect . This information also may be associated with your username and combined with other information , including personally identifiable information that we collect about you . For more detailed information on our use of cookies and other tracking technologies , please see our cookie policy here : http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/cookie-policy.htm . We may use the information that we gather about you for the following purposes : To provide our Services to you , to communicate with you about your use of our Services and for other customer service purposes ; To provide information that you have requested to receive from us in response to your opt-in requests ; To provide our Services at the request of our Clients ; To administer Events ; To provide and post results of Events ; To improve our Sites and Services by providing personalized experiences , location customization , personalized help , and instructions ; For marketing and advertising purposes ; for example , we may use your information to display targeted advertisements to you on our Sites and to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites ; To send you email , follow-up questions about your Event or your participation in an Event , news and newsletters , promotions , and/or invitations to visit the Site ; To better understand how users access and use our Sites and Services , both on an aggregated and individualized basis , and for other research purposes . Clients should note that we may use information we receive or collect regarding Consumers ( including without limitation via an Event registration page ) in accordance with the terms of this Policy , including in the manner set forth above . Notwithstanding the foregoing , in certain contexts , we collect information on behalf of our Clients subject to contractual requirements that limit our ability to use and transfer your information in ways that are more narrow than those in this Policy ( e.g. , the information be only used as necessary to provide Services to the Client and/or for other specified purposes ) . In those limited circumstances , your information is subject to those contractual requirements and not to this Policy , subject to enforcement by the applicable Client . If your information is collected on behalf of a third party , it will be evident at the time that you provide such information . This Policy does not cover our Clients ' use of your information outside of our Services . You should contact that party directly to determine if your information is subject to such limitations on uses and to ascertain how the third party will make use of your information . Third Parties . We may share your information , including personally identifiable information , with non-affiliated and affiliated third parties . Affiliates . We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries ; however , if we do so , their use and disclosure of your information will be subject to this Policy . Event Sponsors or Partners . If you are using our Services to register for an Event or to purchase a third party product or service , ACTIVE shares the personal information that you provide with the applicable third parties in order to fulfill your request . You may receive communications , correspondence , emails , or direct mail from these entities ; each such party operates independently from ACTIVE and is not subject to this Policy but is subject to its own privacy policy . In some instances , we allow Clients to use our email system to contact Consumers for their current and past Events , so you may receive emails from our system that originate with such Clients . Please refer to that party 's privacy policy if you have any questions about its use of your information . Service Providers . We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors , service providers , contractors , or agents who perform functions on our behalf . For example , these providers may help us administer our Sites and Applications manage and administer Events , or process credit card payments . These third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of or information and may be located wherever ACTIVE operates . Where required by law , these companies agree to only use such information for the purposes for which they have been engaged by us unless you expressly permit them to use your information for other purposes . Other Non-Affiliated Third Parties . We may disclose the information that we collect about you to non-affiliated third parties ( with your consent if consent is required by law ) , such as promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships . Those third parties may use your information for marketing purposes , such as to market products and services that they believe would be of interest to you . We also may combine the information that we collect about you with other information that we obtain from third parties . This information may help us to determine what advertisements to direct to you , to place on our website , and where to advertise our Services . As discussed in the advertising section below , you have the ability to opt out of certain uses of your information . You also have the ability to opt in to receiving certain information from us and non-affiliated third parties . Supplemental Service Partners . By purchasing , making reservations or registering for , products or services offered by third parties as a result of your interaction with the Services or use of the Sites ( such as magazine subscriptions , hotel bookings , or cruises ) , electing to receive communications ( such as emails ) or electing to participate in contests , sweepstakes , or other programs ( such as discount or rewards programs ) , offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site , you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties , and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions . Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies . You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them . Additionally , you agree that we will have the right to use and disclose all such information submitted by you to such third parties in the same manner in which we have the right to use and disclose all other information submitted by you directly to us . Strategic Partners . ACTIVE has integration relationships with third-party companies and individuals ( " Partners " ) . These relationships extend the functionality of the Services and the Partner 's application or service ( " Integrated Service " ) by allowing the Services and the Integrated Service to exchange customer data and to establish linked business processes between the two . Customers who pay ACTIVE for use of the Services and use this Integrated Service are considered customers of both ACTIVE and the Partner . ACTIVE and the Partner may share customer contact , account , financial and billing information , and business data with respect to their integrated business relationship with the Customer . The sharing of this information allows ACTIVE and the Partner to establish the identity of the shared customer and determine referral fees owed . This sharing also allows the Partner to provide consolidated billing services to the shared Customer and allows for the enhanced functionality of the Integrated Service . Information shared for these purposes is governed by this Policy . Affiliate and Referral Partners . ACTIVE has referral relationships with third-party companies and individuals ( " Referral Partners " ) who refer their customers to ACTIVE . ACTIVE and a Referral Partner may share certain information with respect to a customer that is referred by ACTIVE or a Referral Partner to allow ACTIVE and the Referral Partner to establish the identity of the shared customer and determine referral fees owed . Corporate Clients and Suppliers . By providing your personal information to ACTIVE for use by a corporate Client or a Supplier ( e.g. , to make reservations with a particular hotel ) you consent to ACTIVE providing a copy of your personal information to that corporate client or Supplier for collection , processing , and any further transfer in accordance with the privacy policy ( if any ) of that corporate client or supplier . ACTIVE is not responsible for any actions of its corporate Clients or Suppliers . Government Clients . By making reservations on the Sites for campgrounds or using other services provided by government entities , you consent to us sharing your personal information and public agency reservation information with the government agencies and other third parties associated with the registration or reservation you are making or service you are using ( " Government Agency Partners " ) . Government Agency Partners may use your personal information and public agency reservation information in accordance with their own privacy policies . You will need to contact those Government Agency Partners who contact you to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information and public agency reservation information by them . We also may share your information for the following reasons :  Business Transfers . If we are acquired by or merged with another company , if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company , or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding , we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the acquiring company . You acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquiror of ACTIVE will continue to have the right to use your information in accordance with the terms of this Policy . In Response to Legal Process . We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law , a judicial proceeding , court order or other legal process , such as in response to a subpoena . To Protect ACTIVE and Others . We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy . Aggregate and Anonymized Information . We may share aggregate or anonymized information about Customers with third parties for marketing , advertising , research or similar purposes . For example , if we display advertisements on behalf of a third party , we may share aggregate , demographic information with that third party about the Customers to whom we displayed the advertisements . Third Party Applications . Third party applications , such as the Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest , or Google buttons , may be available on our Sites . The owners or providers of those third party applications may collect personally identifiable information from you . Their collection of information is bound by their own information collection policies and practices . Your interactions with third party applications on our Sites may be shared with others within your social network . We are not responsible for the collection and use of your information by third parties . Network Advertisers . Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Sites and other websites you have visited . This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested . These third party services may use cookies , JavaScript , web beacons ( including clear GIFs ) , Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you . These third party technologies are governed by each third party 's specific privacy policy , not this one . We may provide these third parties with information , including both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information , about your usage of our Sites and our Services . For more detailed information on the use of third party technologies and how to opt out of receiving targeted advertisements , please see our cookie policy : http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/cookie-policy.htm . Third Party Links . At times , our Sites and Applications may contain links to other third party websites . Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy , but , instead , is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites , and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites . We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions , including , where appropriate , password protection , encryption , and secure socket layering to protect our Sites and the information we collect from loss , misuse and unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration , and destruction . Please be aware that despite our best efforts , no data security measures can guarantee 100 % security all of the time . Please keep this in mind when disclosing any of your personal information via the Internet . You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password , computer , and web-enabled devices , among other things , by signing off after using a shared computer , inserting a password on your web-enabled device , choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess , keeping your password private , and periodically changing your password . You should never share your log-in information with others . We are not responsible for any lost , stolen or compromised passwords , or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity . More information on ACTIVE 's security can be found at : http : //www.activenetwork.com/security.htm . If your personal information changes , or if you no longer desire our service , you may correct , update , delete/remove , or ask to have it removed from a public forum or testimonial by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us via one of the methods listed in this Policy . We will respond to your request to access within 30 days . Please note that copies of information that you have updated , modified , or deleted may continue to reside in our systems for a period of time . Also , you may not be able to remove your personal information from archived web pages that we no longer maintain , such as your name and race time from a past Event . In the event we are unable to complete your access request , we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , are extremely impractical , or for which access is not otherwise required by local law . If your information has been shared with a third party , as described above , or collected on behalf of a Client , then that third party has received their own copy of your data . If you have been contacted by one of these third parties , or one of our Clients , and wish to correct or request they delete your information , please contact them directly . ACTIVE may send you emails from time-to-time , for example , to ask you about an Event in which you participated . When you use our Services , you may have the option of signing up for news and offers from us or other third parties , which may include , information about Events , our newsletter or other items that we ( or third parties ) believe may be of interest to you . If , at any time , you would like to stop receiving the information that you have requested to receive from us , you may follow the opt-out instructions contained in any such e-mail . Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests . To opt-out of products , programs , Services or offers from our affiliates and trusted partners , please contact privacy @ activenetwork.com or log into your account and update your subscription preferences . If you opt-out of receiving emails or promotions from us , we still may send you e-mails about your account or any Services you have requested or received from us , or for other customer services purposes . In addition , you may still receive emails sent by our Clients through means other than our system . Further , if you opt out of receiving information related to a particular Event , you will still receive ACTIVE communications and communications from other organizers whose Events you have attended or are registered to attend or who have otherwise obtained your email address . So you may have to unsubscribe from multiple emails before you stop receiving all communications related to Events for which you registered through our Services . Note that you can not unsubscribe from update communications about the Services unless you close your account . If you wish to not have your personal information shared with third parties for the creation and display of targeted advertisements , you will need to close your account . This action may be possible through the settings within your account or by contacting us at privacy @ activenetwork.com . By electing to stop receiving all communications from us or through our system you will no longer receive any updates on your account or on Events you are registered to attend or have previously attended , including communications regarding refunds . We do not recommend that you do this unless you plan to no longer use the Services , are not currently registered for an Event , are not currently organizing an Event and will have no need to receive further communications from us or through our system . Even after you opt out of all communications , we will retain your information in accordance with this Policy , however , we will no longer use it to contact you . However , our Clients who have received your information in accordance with this Policy may still use that information to contact you in accordance with their own privacy policies , but they may not use our system to do so . For the ACTIVEGlobal Site , you may delete/remove personal information by submitting a request to Customer Support at http : //www.activeglobal.com/AboutUS/index.cfm ?AC=ContactAE . If you would like to delete your account with us , you may do so by emailing us at support @ activenetwork.com and specifying which account ( s ) to delete . The Active Network , Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary , StarCite , Inc. each comply with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . The Active Network , Inc. and StarCite , Inc. have certified adherence to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program and to view the certifications , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . For disputes that may arise regarding the human resources data of our employees , we have agreed to use TRUSTe as our independent third party dispute resolution partner . A link to TRUSTe 's dispute resolution mechanism is accessible above . If you are located outside of the United States , please note that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States . By using our Sites and Applications , you consent to the transfer and processing of your information in countries which may not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area . Your consent is voluntary . If , however , you do not consent , then we may not be able to provide you with our Services . Notwithstanding the foregoing , if you are registering for an Event with a government entity , we may be restricted by law or contract from transferring your information outside of the particular jurisdiction in which that government entity resides . Parents have the right to consent to the collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 ( collectively , Children , and individually , a Child ) without also consenting to the disclosure of such information to outside third parties , except in order to provide the Services . ACTIVE does not share personal information collected from Children with third parties for any purpose other than to provide the Services . What information do we collect from children under the age of 13 ? Personal information such as a parent 's email address ; Username and password ; Date of birth ; Display name ( this is the name other people will see when the Child posts items to one of our Sites or engage in other similar activities on our Sites ) ; Information about a Child 's activities and interests ; Other profile data , such as contact information , gender , and photo ( collected from the parent ) ; Physical activities or similar health related information ( how long you exercised , caloric intake , or weight lost ) ; The contact of information of a friend ( when inviting them to visit the Site ) ; How we use the information collected from Children ? To provide a notice to parents regarding your Child 's interest in registering to use the Sites ; To obtain verifiable parental consent ; To provide our Services , to communicate with parents about your Child 's use of our Services and for other customer service purposes ; To provide information that a parent or Child has requested to receive from us in response to an opt-in request ; To provide our Services at the request of our Clients To administer Events ; To provide results of Events ; To improve our Sites and Services by providing personalized experiences , location customization , personalized help , and instructions . Can I access and modify my Child 's personal information ? If your Child 's personal information changes , if you no longer wish to allow your Child to participate on the Sites , or if you wish to delete your Child 's information and refuse further collection and use of the information , please email us at privacy @ activenetwork.com . How long is my Child 's information retained ? We will retain the information we collect for as long as your or your Child 's account is active , as needed to provide our Services . You may close your or your Child 's account by contacting us . Nonetheless , we may retain your or your Child 's information for an additional period as is permitted or required to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Please note that even if we delete your or your Child 's information , it may persist on backup or archival media and other information systems . Your use our Sites or Services , as well as any dispute over privacy , is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use , http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/terms-of-use.htm , including applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes . California residents may request a list of all third parties to which ACTIVE has disclosed certain personally identifiable information about you for marketing purposes . You may make one request per calendar year . In your request , please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response . You may request this information in writing by contacting us at :  Attn : ACTIVE Privacy The Active Network , Inc. 10182 Telesis Court San Diego , CA 92121 Phone : 858-964-3800 Toll Free : 888-543-7223 Email : privacy @ activenetwork.com We may change this Policy from time to time , so be sure to check back periodically . If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you , we will endeavor to notify you in advance of such change , by highlighting the change on the Sites or by sending an email to you at the email address that you have registered with us . Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Policy will indicate your agreement with the terms of the revised Policy . If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected from Children under age 13 , we will notify parents by email ( at the address provided to us ) in order to obtain verifiable parental consent for the new uses of the Child 's personal information . ACTIVE regularly reviews its practices regarding personally identifiable information and this Policy . If you have any questions , comments or concerns , please contact us at :  Attn : ACTIVE Privacy The Active Network , Inc. 10182 Telesis Court San Diego , CA 92121 Phone : 858-964-3800 Toll Free : 888-543-7223 Email : privacy @ activenetwork.com - See more at : http : //www.activenetwork.com/information/privacy-policy# sthash.DK0tDMEM.dpuf 
Data Protection & Privacy Policy PRIVACY POLICY ( Effective & last modified August 26 , 2010 ) PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR OTHER SERVICES THAT WE PROVIDE . BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES ( OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME ) , YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY . Red Bull India Pvt. Ltd . ( Red Bull , " we , us and our " ) offers you access to its interactive online websites . This Privacy Policy , together with our Terms of Use and any additional terms which might apply to certain products or services , govern your use of our websites and any other online services we provide ( collectively , Website ) . Our Website includes www.redbull.in and all other locations on which we place this Privacy Policy . We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information you provide us through our Website . We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail : the types of information we collect when you use our Website how we use the information we collect from you the instances in which we may share your information with others the choices and options you have to restrict our collection and/or sharing of your information Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you : ( a ) information that you provide that personally identifies you ; and ( b ) information that does not personally identify you , but that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us . ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you , such as your name , mail address , phone number , etc . As a general policy , we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website . In certain circumstances , we may request , allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature , program , promotion or some other aspect of our Website . For instance , you may : ( a ) provide your name , mail/shipping address , email address , credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website , using our online store , or in connection with a contest entry ; ( b ) provide certain demographic information about you ( e.g. , age , gender , purchase preference , usage frequency , etc. )  when participating in a survey , poll or joining a club ; or ( c ) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website . Whether or not you provide this information is your choice ; however , in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity , realize a benefit we may offer , or gain access to certain content on our Website . ( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information : Our definition of non-personally identifiable information is any information that does not personally identify you . Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified ; that is , information that has been rendered anonymous . We obtain non-personally identifiable information about you from information that you provide us . We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you access our Website e.g. , IP addresses , your web browser , which website you were on before you visited our Website , your computer operating system , the search terms you use on our Website , the specific web pages you visit , and the duration of your visits . ( 1 ) Personally Identifiable Information : The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests , respond to your inquiries , better serve you , or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information . We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons , such as customer service , providing you promotional information for our products or events or those of our parent company , subsidiaries or other affiliated companies ( " affiliated companies " ) , or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website . You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies , or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies , as set forth below in Section I . In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf ( or on behalf of our affiliated companies ) e.g. , vendors that process credit card orders , administer our promotions , provide us marketing or promotional assistance , analyze our data , assist us with customer service , etc . Our vendors agree to use this information , and we share information with them , only to carry out our requests . In addition , we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships . Unless we specifically tell you otherwise in this Privacy Policy or when you submit the information , we will not sell your personally identifiable without your prior approval . ( 2 ) Non-Personally Identifiable Information : We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways , including to help analyze site traffic , understand customer needs and trends , carry out targeted promotional activities ( see Preference Based Advertising below ) , and to improve our services . We may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others . We may share your non-personally identifiable information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others . ( 1 ) Cookies and Web Beacons : We automatically receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us . For example , like many websites , we use " cookies " and " web beacons " ( also called clear gifs or pixel tags ) to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website . " Cookies " are small files that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive or your web browser memory to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you . " Web beacons " are tiny graphics with a unique identifier , similar in function to cookies , and may be used to track the online movements of users , when an email has been opened , and to provide other information . If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies , you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your web browser or hard drive . You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs . Please note , however , that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies . ( 2 ) Preference Based Advertising : We may work with third party advertising networks that use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website and third party sites . This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these advertising networks to analyze your online activities for purposes of serving you with advertisements ( while on our Website or third party sites ) tailored to meet your preferences . If you do not wish to participate in this activity , please click here and follow the simple opt-out process . A couple of important notes about this opt-out tool : ( 1 ) it includes all the advertising networks that Red Bull may work with , but also many that Red Bull does not work with ; and ( 2 ) it typically relies on cookies to ensure that a given advertising network does not collect information about you ( Opt-out Cookies ) for a general explanation of how Opt-out Cookies work , please click here . So , if you buy a new computer , change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer , you may need to perform the opt-out task again . ( 1 ) IP Addresses : An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet . Web servers ( computers that " serve up " web pages ) automatically identify your computer by its IP address . When visitors request pages from our Website , our servers typically log their IP addresses . IP addresses are considered non-personally identifiable information and may also be shared as provided above . It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable ; that is , the visitor 's session will be logged , but the visitor remains anonymous to us . However , we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public . ( 2 ) Email Communications : If you send us an email with questions or comments , we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments , and we may save your questions or comments for future reference . For security reasons , we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information , such as passwords , social security numbers , or bank account information , to us by email . We may email you for many reasons , including , without limitation , emails in response to your request for a particular service or your registration for a feature that involves email communications , emails that relate to purchases you have made with us ( e.g. , product updates , customer support , etc. ) , informational emails about our other products , services , or events , or when you consent to being contacted by email for a particular purpose . In certain instances , we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us ; that is , agree to some communications but not others . You may " opt out " of receiving future promotional emails from us by clicking the " unsubscribe " link included at the bottom of most emails we send , or as provided below . ( 3 ) Transfer of Assets : As we continue to develop our business , we may sell or purchase assets . If another entity acquires us or all ( or substantially all ) of our assets , the personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity , though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed . Also , if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us , all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties . ( 4 ) Other : We always reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law , with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims , or if we believe that such action is necessary to : ( a ) fulfill a government request ; ( b ) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process ; ( c ) protect or defend our legal rights or property , our Website , or other users ; or ( d ) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website 's users or the general public . We may offer chat rooms , blogs , message boards , bulletin boards , or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate . The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information ( including personal information ) in connection with your use of these public forums . We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum . Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone , including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy . We are not responsible for events or consequences arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website . The features , programs , promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 . If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please Contact Us . A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child 's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof . We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss , misuse and alteration of the information under our control . Please be advised , however , that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy , we can not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft , destruction , or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information . In the unfortunate event that your " personally identifiable information " ( as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach ) is compromised , we may notify you by e-mail ( at our sole and absolute discretion ) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances ; provided , however , delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation . From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information , and when appropriate , we upgrade our information security systems . Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain , such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements . We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website . We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information . You may Contact Us if : ( a ) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy ; ( b ) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided ; ( c ) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence , including emails , from us or our affiliated companies ; or ( d ) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others . We will respond to your request and , if applicable and appropriate , make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable . Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website . Since our business changes constantly , this Privacy Policy will also change from time to time . We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Website . If , at any point , we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated in our Privacy Policy at the time it was collected , we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us . You will have a choice ( via an opt-out opportunity ) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner . We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected if you opt out of the new policy . This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website , and no summary , modification , restatement or other version thereof , or other privacy statement or policy , in any form , is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * If you are contacted by an individual or company claiming to be Red Bull and offering you employment , gift cards or some other promotion in exchange for personal information and/or payment - PLEASE DISREGARD as they are not authorized Red Bull representatives or programs , and may be an unlawful attempt to obtain your information or money . 
Privacy Policy OUR PROMISE Surfline/Wavetrak , Inc . ( Surfline ) respects your privacy and promises to earn and keep your trust . At Surfline , we understand the importance of privacy , and we want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our site and using its services . All information about you is kept confidential and will not be used in ways that you have not consented , and we will not sell or disclose any information that identifies you to a third party without your explicit approval . We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements . Questions regarding this policy and our practice should be directed to Surfline Customer Service , by e-mail to customerservice @ surfline.com , by telephone at 1-800-229-7873 , or by postal mail to Surfline , 300 Pacific Coast Highway , Suite 300 , Huntington Beach , CA 92648 . Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms and Conditions of use . It tells you what information we collect , how we protect it and what choices you have about how that information is used . Most information collected is to enable us to best meet your needs as an action sports participant in a highly customized and responsive manner . Under Age 13 Surfline does not allow children under the age of thirteen ( 13 ) to register because Surfline must comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which prohibits the online collection of personal information from people under 13 . Public Forum Discussions and Comments Please note that any information that you reveal in a public forum ( such as a bulletin board or chat room/event , comments ) will be seen by third parties not related to Surfline and is therefore not subject to this privacy policy . We collect information in four distinct areas : Alerts / Newsletter subscriptions : name , e-mail address Membership enrollment and Profile creation : name , address , phone number , password , and information about specific interests ( when provided ) . All Personal information is protected by your password . Interaction with the web site and solution tools : personal usage information . Surfline presents interactive tools to assist you in making purchasing decisions and weather forecasts , in doing so ; Surfline collects personal usage information for the sole purpose in helping you make the best decisions . Store and Mail Order Catalog ( s ) : Surfline 's store and applicable catalog ( s ) is operated and managed by Swell . Click here to read the Swell Privacy & Security Policy and Terms of Use Cookies : personal usage information . Please see the " Cookies and Web Beacons " below for more information . Location : We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information . You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information . Location data is not shared with 3rd . party sites , advertisers or sponsors . Surfline does not store any credit card information . Surfline uses a secure hosted service which stores personal credit card data , and manages credit card processing for subscriptions and transactions . Personal information will not be released to third parties without your explicit permission . Surfline may provide your information to third parties in aggregate with others ' information , which does not allow you to be identified or contacted ( " Aggregate Information " ) . For example , we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the activities they conduct while on our site . We might also inform a pharmaceutical company ( that may or may not be an advertiser on our site ) that " 30 percent of our users live east of the Mississippi " or that " 25 percent of our users have looked into wave forecasts in Orange County. "  Depending on the circumstances , we may or may not charge for this information . We use encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of Personal information that you share with us . However , no data transmission over the Internet ( or , with respect to our mobile services , over cellular phone networks ) can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . As a result , while we strive to protect Personal information , we can not and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Site , and you do so at your own risk . We restrict access to Personal information to Surfline employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services . These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline , including termination and criminal prosecution , if they fail to meet these obligations . You always have options on our site . You can opt in to or out of any of our e-mail lists . If you 'd like to get on an e-mail list ( for Surfline 's Surf Alert , for instance , or to receive information about new products from our store ) , simply go to that area and sign up . If you 'd like your name to be taken off a list , follow the " unsubscribe " directions in any e-mail you receive from us . If you have any questions about how seriously we take your privacy , have a look at the other sections here . To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies . Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences . Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to provide a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize Surfline content , offerings or advertisements . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience with Surfline ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use interactive products on our sites . We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising on Surfline or other websites you visit . We , our third party service providers , advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or Surfline . This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising . For more information regarding third-party ad servers , see " Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites , Ad Servers , and Sponsors " below . We , our third party service providers , advertiser or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page . For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page . You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies . Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Surfline . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . Surfline sites covered by this privacy statement sometimes may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , or promotions ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties . By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity . We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information . The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information . We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting and web analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant content , marketing messages and advertisements . These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies . We , our third party service providers , advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties . The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement . For more information on how our sites may use third-party ad servers and your ability to opt-out of targeted advertising from such third party ad servers , please see the section below on " Third Party Ad Servers " . We , our partners and/or our advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the ads that appear on our sites and to conduct research about the advertisements . Below is a representative list of such third parties . For more information , please visit or contact the companies listed below : 24/7 Real Media Google DoubleClick TribalFusion Atlas To protect the enjoyment and privacy of the users of Surfline products , it is against Surfline policy for third party advertisers to deploy any software code , beyond that which is used to render industry standard advertising , through Surfline hosted advertising creative , without the express written permission of Surfline . Surfline takes reasonable precautions to insure that third party advertisers are not deploying technology through ads hosted on Surfline and or to remove such campaigns immediately as we are notified of such a policy violation . In the case unauthorized code or interaction is served through a third party ad , without our knowledge , Surfline takes no responsibility or liability for interactions your device may have with third party advertising units hosted on Surfline or any of it 's sub-domains . This applies to computers , mobile phones , tablets/pads , or any device that is used to access Surfline content . The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) is a cooperative group of ad serving providers . The NAI has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere . The NAI is committed to provide consumers with clear explanations of Internet advertising practices and how they affect you and the Internet generally . For more information about the NAI , third party ad servers generally , and the opt-out opportunities available through the NAI , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/index.asp The NAI has developed a tool that assists consumers in identifying member companies that have placed an advertising cookie file on his/her computer , and provides a method to " Opt out " of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks . Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising . It does mean that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns . For more information or to begin using the tool , visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp You can always contact us in order to delete your Personal information from our systems by e-mailing us at customerservice @ surfline.com . You can always update the Personal information that you have provided to us and change your Privacy choices by updating the " My Account " section on the web site . Any other questions ? Contact Surfline Customer Service at customerservice @ surfline.com Surfline may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our site . We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent , and we expect most such changes will be minor . In the event that any changes are made to use of your Personal information , you will be informed via e-mail , and will afford you the opportunity to opt-out of any further use . Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy , please exit the site immediately . CONNECT 2013 Surfline/Wavetrak , Inc . Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy Partner of USA TODAY Sports Digital Properties 
PRIVACY POLICY Liverpool Football Club is committed to respecting your personal information and will ensure that any data you provide to us either during registration or when purchasing goods or services will be stored securely , treated with confidentiality and processed in accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 , or any other relevant consumer legislation that is in place to protect you . This policy explains how we collect , store and use your personal data when you visit this website and when you transact with us . It also describes the types of data we collect , how we use this data to ensure we provide relevant and timely services to you , and your rights to control our use of that data . By visiting this website and in providing any data about yourself to us , you are confirming that you have read understood and agree to our policies and consent to us using that information as described . If you are at all uncertain about any aspect of our policies and practices , please contact us using contact details at http : //help.liverpoolfc.tv/ and refrain from using this website . We may update this policy from time to time so please check back here regularly . If you register on the website to subscribe to our free or paid for services , interact with the site or shop for goods or services using our online purchasing facilities , we may collect information such as your name , age , gender , e-mail address , billing address , delivery address , telephone number , product selections , credit card or other payment information and a password . Occasionally we may also collect information on health or disability if it is relevant to ensuring your health and safety for an event or service you have booked with us . In order to improve the quality of our services and your experience when visiting our website we also monitor your visit and collect information about where you are on the internet ( eg the URL you came from , IP address , domain types like .co.uk and .com ) , your browser type , the country and telephone area code where your computer is located , the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit , the advertisements you clicked on , and any search terms that you entered on our website ( " User Information " ) . We may collect this information even if you do not register with us . We are aware that many children will visit liverpoolfc.com and we would always encourage children under the age of 13 to talk with parents or legal guardians before submitting any personal information to this site or on any associated forums . The club will always endeavour to seek parental consent for any children under the age of 13 entering personal data for competitions and promotions . All personal information will be held and stored on secure servers used by The Liverpool Football Club and Athletic Grounds Limited , Anfield Road , Liverpool , L4 0TH . We will use the information you provide us or that we collect about you for the following purposes : 1 . To provide goods or services 2 . To provide aggregated statistical information for LFC or relevant third parties that will help improve our website and services to you . ( These statistics will not directly identify you ) 3 . To serve content and advertisements that we believe will be of interest to you 4 . To administer this website 5 . If you have consented during registration or whilst making a purchase , to send you relevant offers or information on products or services by email , mail , telephone or SMS message . By agreeing to supply or allowing us to collect the information described above , you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 . Any information collected from persons under the age of 18 will not knowingly be used for marketing purposes . Notifications of competition wins or prizes will only be sent to a parent or legal guardian for any person under the age of 18 . As part of offering these services we may at times be required to transfer some of your data to third parties for processing to enable fulfilment of product purchases or provision of services . This will be limited to that which they need to carry out their services and only in the way in which we instruct them as part of a contractual agreement . Your data will never be sold or shared with third parties for the purposes of marketing without seeking prior consent . This would be separate to the consent provided as part of registration to this site . We use cookies on this site to enable us to personalise your visit and to enable use of our shopping facilities . We may occasionally use them to serve advertising and content that we believe is of interest based on your browsing history . Use of cookies is governed by EU legislation and for further information on what they are and how they are used ; please visit our dedicated Cookie Information page at http : //www.liverpoolfc.com/legal/cookies . We may occasionally disclose your personal information as part of a legal process , for example , in response to a court order . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , non-compliance with of our Terms , or as otherwise permitted or required by law and consistent with legal requirements . Keeping your information secure is very important to us . Your data will be held within the European Union and all reasonable measures to protect and safeguard your data in accordance with applicable data protection law will be taken . Please note that we can not guarantee that any data transmission over the internet is completely secure . To help us provide you with information relating to products and services that we think you will be interested in your data may occasionally be processed and held by third parties outside the European Economic Area ( EU ) . If this is the case we will put in place appropriate safeguards to ensure your data is secure and protected in accordance with applicable data protection law . Please be aware that all open interactive areas ( such as The Kop , Messages Board , comments etc ) are accessible to all users and their contents effectively available in the public domain . Think carefully about the contents of your submissions and if you choose to make a submission containing your personal information you do so at your own risk . Protecting the online privacy of children is especially important . If we reasonably believe a user of interactive area to be under 13 years of age , we may need to remove any personal details gathered from such a user and , where possible , all submissions . You have the right to request that we do n't send marketing material to you and this can be done by ensuring the correct consent boxes are ticked at the time of registration or making a purchase . You can also change personal information and amend your consent using the ' My LFC ' facilities when you are signed in to our website or shopping areas . We also provide the opportunity to unsubscribe or amend your marketing preferences when we send you a marketing email . Please note that if you do unsubscribe or withdraw your consent we will be unable to keep you informed on issues that may be of interest to you such as ticketing availability . At any time you can make a formal request to provide a copy of any information we hold about you . This should be done in writing ( see How do I contact Liverpool Football Club for our contact information ) . We may charge a small fee up to the maximum allowable amount of 10 . Please visit our help pages at http : //help.liverpoolfc.tv/ for any further information or use Contact Us to submit questions to the help team about our policies . 
At NewsNow , we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy relates to our website at www.NewsNow.co.uk and any other websites and online services operated by us ( collectively and individually , the " Site " ) . Where the context allows , references to " NewsNow " , " we " , " us " or " our " include any of our affiliates . This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal information that we may collect about you when you use the Site . By providing us with any personal information you consent to our processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy . If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy , please do not use the Site . Topics The information we collect from you Cookies How we use your personal information Information sharing Information security Managing your personal data Tracking technology Other sites Changes to this Privacy Policy How to contact us We may collect , store and use personal information when you use the Site . We collect any information your web browser sends us in the normal course of your use of the Site and by using the Site you consent to our processing it in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We may from time to time collect additional personal information ( for instance , if you submit an enquiry , register with us or subscribe to a service or mailing list ) . If you submit an enquiry , register for a NewsNow account , subscribe to a service ( which includes free services , paid-for services and subscribing to one of our mailing lists ) , we will ask you to provide your name and email address . We may also request other personal information in order to be able to provide specific services or to service your requests , which will be specified at the time you sign up for those services or submit such requests . Personal information is information about you that identifies you personally and is not otherwise publicly available . When you request a web page or any other content from the Site , it is usual for your web browser software automatically to send us your computer 's IP address , software model and version , operating system , screen resolution and ( depending on your browser ) other details of the specifications of your browser , computer and operating system . Some browsers allow you to control such data . It is not usual for such data to contain your email address or other personal information . We may retain correspondence with our users by email and post , as well as records of any correspondence by telephone . We may also record and collect certain anonymous traffic data , such as pages visited , links to and from the Site clicked and services used within the Site . This information is not personal information and generally is not aggregated with personal information . We generally use such traffic data to improve our services to you and to customise and enhance your experience of the Site . We may transmit cookies to your computer or other device that uniquely identify your NewsNow account or your browser . Cookies are small text files that ( depending on your browser settings ) are deposited on your computer 's hard drive when you visit a site and may be sent back to that site when you visit again . Our use of cookies is governed by our Cookie Policy . We may use your personal information as follows : to provide and customise our services ; if you register/subscribe for any of our services , to process and administer your registration/subscription ; to perform any contract that you may conclude with us ; to perform auditing , research and analysis in order to maintain , protect and improve or develop our services ; to generate aggregate anonymised statistics ; to ensure the technical functioning of our network ; to protect the rights or property of NewsNow or our users ; and/or for any other purposes to which you consent . We maintain a " no spam " policy . Your email address may be used to send you information and to contact you in relation to NewsNow services and to offer you the opportunity to sign up for new services . Such communications may include advertising or sponsorship elements . Where you have consented to our doing so , we may offer you services from carefully selected third parties . We may share your personal information with any of our affiliates , in which case your information will remain subject to this Privacy Policy . We may engage trusted third parties to process your personal information on our behalf . We may also use computer systems owned by third parties to provide our services and to process your personal information . In such circumstances your personal information may be transmitted to and from such systems by secure channels . Normally , such computer systems remain under NewsNow 's exclusive control and your personal information will not be shared with the third parties owning such systems . The above third parties do not have any independent right to share your personal information . Where any such third party 's systems are not under NewsNow 's exclusive control , we will endeavour to ensure that such third party will process your personal information securely , in confidence , and in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We may publish , or share with third parties , aggregated non-personal data , which will not identify you individually . We may also send an anonymised version of your information to third-party advertisers or advertising providers for the purposes of displaying customised advertisements on a NewsNow web page and/or to third-party traffic-analysis providers for the purpose of generating aggregate and anonymised data on which pages users visit and the general characteristics of the computers and networks employed by those users . Your browser may also automatically send certain data to such third parties directly . If we become involved in any prospective or actual transaction with a third party relating to our company , our business or substantially all our assets , we may share your personal information with such third party . We will endeavour to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transaction until ( if at all ) such personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . We may share your personal information if we believe in good faith that access to or use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary ( a ) to satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) to enforce any contractual rights that we may have in relation to the services we provide to you , ( c ) to detect , prevent or otherwise deal with fraud , security or technical issues or ( d ) to protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of NewsNow , our employees or contractors , our business partners , our users or the public ( " Necessary Purposes " ) . Some of our affiliates and/or the above third parties may be based ( and/or may use computer systems that are located ) in countries outside the European Economic Area ( " EEA " ) , including countries with privacy laws that may be different from ( and less protective than ) those of EEA countries . We will endeavour to ensure that such persons treat your personal information securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We may transfer your personal information to such persons who may store and process it . We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or unauthorised use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of data . These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorised access to systems where we store personal information . We restrict access to personal information to our employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate , develop or improve our services . Those persons are bound by confidentiality agreements and will be subject to appropriate sanctions if they fail to comply with those agreements . Unfortunately , the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure . Others may intercept the personal information you provide to us , so any such transmission is at your own risk . The Site is controlled by us from our offices in the United Kingdom . If you choose to visit the Site from outside the United Kingdom , you do so at your own risk , with the understanding that information collected from the Site may be collected , stored and used in a country whose privacy laws may be different from those of your home country . We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that we process is accurate , complete and current , but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary . When you use our services , we endeavour in good faith to provide you with access to your personal information and , at your request , either to correct such information if it is inaccurate or to delete it ( unless we believe in good faith that we reasonably need to retain such information for any of the Necessary Purposes , as defined in the " Information sharing " section above ) . If such information is to be deleted , please allow three working days for this to take effect . If you make a request concerning your personal information , we will require you to identify yourself and the information that you wish to access , correct or have removed . We may decline to process requests that are unclear , unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardise the privacy of others or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information contained in back-up records ) . Where we process such requests , we will perform this service free of charge , except where doing so would require a disproportionate effort . Please note that our business partners or other websites that may be accessible via the Site may use cookies or other tracking technology , over which we have no control . In particular , third parties may use cookies , web beacons and other technologies to collect information as a result of serving advertisements through any services ( including , but not limited to , mobile sites , applications and device platforms ) that we may own and/or operate . We do collect IP addresses and we may attempt to infer your approximate location from your IP address where ( a ) providing you with any location-related services , ( b ) responding to location-related enquiries and/or ( c ) endeavouring to improve your experience of the Site ( such as in trying to provide you with more relevant and useful content , services and/or advertisements ) . We will not , however , disclose any personally identifying location-based information in relation to advertisements to any third-party advertisers or advertising providers unless we obtain your consent to our doing so . NewsNow links to websites or other services owned and/or operated by third parties . We are not responsible and accept no liability for the privacy practices of such websites or other services . This Privacy Policy applies only to our services . We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time . If so , we will post the revised version on the Site . You are encouraged to check the terms of such revised versions . If the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice and/or email notification of the changes . Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date , and we will also keep previous versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review . If you use the Site after the date on which this Privacy Policy has been changed , we will treat such use as your consent to the revised Privacy Policy . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personal information , please contact us here or write to us at : NewsNow Publishing Limited The Euston Office 1 Euston Square 40 Melton Street London NW1 2FD United Kingdom 
SPORTS REFERENCE LLC - Privacy Statement A combination of sites providing top-notch statistics and resources for sports fans everywhere . This Privacy Statement sets forth the information-gathering , use , and dissemination practices of Sports Reference LLC , its subsidiaries , and affiliates ( collectively referred to as " SRL " ) in connection with the World Wide Web sites located at www.sports-reference.com , www.baseball-reference.com , www.pro-football-reference.com , www.basketball-reference.com , hockey-reference.com , www.baseballbooks.net , and all other Web sites owned or operated by SRL ( the " Site " ) . This Privacy Statement addresses SRL 's practices regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site - it does not address or govern any information gathering , use , or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from the Site , including , without limitation , from or via telephone , facsimile , postal mail , personal delivery , or other or additional offline means or media . SRL can be contacted by mail , phone , facsimile , or by e-mail at SRL , as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement . SRL may collect or track ( 1 ) the home server domain names , e-mail addresses , type of client computer , files downloaded , search engine used , operating system , and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site , ( 2 ) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with SRL via e-mail , ( 3 ) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms , registration forms , surveys , e-mail , contest entries , and other online avenues ( including , without limitation , demographic and personal profile data ) , and ( 4 ) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages Site visitors access . SRL may place Internet " cookies " on visitors ' hard drives . Internet cookies save data about individual visitors , such as the visitor 's name , password , user-name , shopping cart , screen preferences , and the pages of the Site viewed by the visitor . When the visitor revisits the Site , SRL may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor 's experience accordingly , for example , in pre-filling forms . Visitors may decline or remove Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software , if available . SRL also may use Web bugs to gather , store , and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Site . A Web bug is a file object , which can be a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel graphics file , which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user activity . A Web bug can gather , for example , the IP address of your computer , the time the Web page was viewed , and the type of browser used . When a visitor performs a search within the Site , SRL may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed . SRL may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical problems with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site , and to calculate overall usage statistics . We use third-party payment service providers such as Amazon.com and PayPal to handle any monetary transactions . SRL does not store any of your private payment information provided by you directly to these service providers . Comments posted to any of our Web pages are public . All other notices sent to SRL should use the following address or contact information :  Sports Reference LLC 6757 Greene St , Suite 315 Philadelphia , PA 19119 Fax 800/660-5292 Phone 215/301-9181 sf @ sports-reference.com With respect to chat rooms , SRL does not , and is not obligated to , monitor or review any areas on the Site , or the content therein , where users transmit or post communications or communicate with each other regarding SRL or Content ( see Terms and Conditions ) on the Site , including but not limited to , communications in chat rooms , bulletin boards or other user forums . As such , SRL assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information , no duty to update or correct such information , and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright , libel , privacy , obscenity , or otherwise . Personal data collected by SRL may be used by SRL for many reasons , for example , for editorial and feedback purposes , for marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of users ' behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for fulfillment of a requested transaction or record-keeping , or to customize the content and layout of the Site . Aggregate data on visitors ' home servers may be used for internal purposes , and individually identifying information , such as names , postal and e-mail addresses , phone numbers , and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to SRL may be added to SRL 's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates , new products and services , and upcoming events . With respect to visitor e-mail addresses , we allow users to post their e-mail address on comments or in sponsorships , in the event that they wish to allow others to reach them easily . Visitor e-mail addresses from comments are not used by SRL to generate mailing lists . SRL also may use Site visitor data to contact the Site visitors regarding account status and changes to the Terms and Conditions , any subscriber agreement , this Privacy Statement , and any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors . Subject to the limitations of Paragraph 4 , aggregate data on visitors ' home servers may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms . Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data which visitors provide to SRL may be provided to third parties who provide products , information , or services which SRL believes that visitors may be interested in directly or indirectly purchasing or obtaining . Identifiable or non-identifiable data also may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which SRL enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction , such as , for example , a merger , consolidation , acquisition , or asset purchase , or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other form of legal process , in response to a request by or on behalf of any local , state , federal , or other government agency , department , or body , whether or not pursuant to a subpoena , court order , or other form of legal process , or if determined by SRL in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life , health , security , or property of SRL or any other person or entity . While SRL will undertake efforts to see that any third party to which SRL shares , rents , sells , or otherwise discloses personal data is under a contractual obligation to use the personal data solely for the purposes for which the data was disclosed , such third parties are independent third parties over which SRL exercises no control , and SRL is not responsible for their conduct , actions , omissions , or information handling or dissemination practices and SRL will not be liable therefor . This Site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties . SRL is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites , advertisers , or third parties , or for the content of such sites or advertisements . It is possible that these links or advertisements , themselves , may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about Site visitors . It is solely the visitor 's obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties . SRL has implemented numerous security features to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information . For example , SRL : undertakes all efforts to maintain a secure server ; does not store any user credit card information ; and requires employees and service providers who work for or with SRL to sign confidentiality and security contracts restricting their use of any data related to user information . Please be advised , however , that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from SRL via this Site or e-mail can not be guaranteed . Accordingly , SRL is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet . Instead of communicating with SRL via e-mail or the Internet , visitors can contact SRL by mail , phone , or facsimile , as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement . Except as necessary for SRL to provide the services , information , or products requested by a visitor , the visitor may opt out of having his or her personally identifiable information , which has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration , customer order , or electronic news or information subscription , prospectively retained by SRL , used by SRL for secondary purposes , or disclosed by SRL to third parties by contacting SRL via postal mail , e-mail , or facsimile at the addresses set out above . ( This does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the above description. )  By way of illustration , you have the option to remove your name from any of our mailing lists at any time . Upon a visitor 's request via postal mail , e-mail , or facsimile , SRL will provide to the visitor a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by SRL regarding the visitor , which information has been voluntarily provided to SRL through an account registration , customer order , or electronic news or information subscription . A visitor may modify , correct , change or update their personally identifiable information by contacting SRL via postal mail , e-mail , facsimile , or telephone as provided in Paragraph 3 of this Privacy Statement . SRL may change this Privacy Statement at any time . Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement , as well as the location of the new or revised statement , will be posted on the Site for at least 60 days after the change . It is the obligation of users visiting the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit . Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to all visitors once instituted , including as to any visitor who previously visited the Site before the change was made . Effective Date : October 1 , 2004 Last Updated : April 25 , 2008 
Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and , together with its Affiliates , operates daily newspapers , television stations , a digital broadcast program network , and news , entertainment , and information websites . In this Privacy Policy , Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in . This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites , mobile applications , electronic devices , kiosks , and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted ( hereinafter the Services ) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries ( collectively we or us ) regardless of how you access the Services , unless such website , mobile application , electronic device , kiosk , or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website , application , device , kiosk , or interactive service . The Policy describes :  The information we collect and how we collect it ; What we do with the information we collect ; Information sharing and disclosure ; How you can access and update your information ; How we protect information ; Linked sites and advertisements ; Users from outside the United States ; Children ; How to contact us ; Your California privacy rights ; No rights of third parties ; and Changes to this policy . How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit , the activities in which you participate and the Services you use . You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below . We may collect information about you during your use of the Services , including your name , username , password , email address , postal address , phone number , mobile phone number , payment information , gender , birth year , and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things , such as :  Enter registration information for one or more of our Services ; Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion ; Participate in voting or polling activities ; Make a purchase ; Request certain features ( e.g. , newsletters , updates , and other products ) ; Sign up to receive SMS ( text message ) notifications ; Download or use one of our mobile applications ; Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site ( SNS ) ; or Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services . We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services . When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services , you authorize Tribune to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface , including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account , information that the SNS shares with us , or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process . We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription , product , or service we provide . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online . Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services , such as via SNSs , on message boards , chat areas or in advertising or notices you post , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties . When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to : ( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services . We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) . We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened . As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods . We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information . We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results . In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information . Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar . If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services . Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies . To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel . Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services . We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services . We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties . Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below . You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser . If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website . You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising . When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements . Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements . You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements . For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator . We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features . For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements . In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers . If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this . See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details . We use the information that we collect for the following purposes : For the purposes for which you provided it ; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ; To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ; To administer sweepstakes and contests ; To process and respond to your inquiries ; To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ; To attribute content that you make available through the Services ; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ; To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ; To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ; To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services . The Services are supported by advertising revenue . We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers . Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications . We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you . Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose . We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below : We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy . We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf . When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices . We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims . We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship . We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property . As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses . In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets . To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you , you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated ( may be available on some Services and not others ) or by contacting us at privacy @ tribune.com . We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information . Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable . The Services may contain links to third-party websites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites . We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services . When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers . In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply . If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information . The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law . If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated . The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country . By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy . The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 . We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services . By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old . Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services . These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation . Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services . These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation . If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please send an email to privacy @ tribune.com . California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties . If you are a California resident and would like to request this information , please submit your request in an email to privacy @ tribune.com . This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties . Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time . Please check this page periodically for changes . Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes . If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website . 
PRIVACY POLICY . PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA In accordance with Spanish Organic Law 15/1999 , of December 13 , in relation to the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature , data concerning the users that access the www.fcbarcelona.com , given their consent , will be included in an automated file that is the responsibility of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA , whose domicile is Avinguda Arstides Maillol s/n ( 08028 ) Barcelona . Users can voluntarily decide whether or not to provide their consent for the data that they supply of their own free will to be included in the file that is the responsibility of FC BARCELONA , which is used to keep users informed , to offer them products and/or services both of FUTBOL CLUB BARCELONA itself and of other organizations that collaborate with the Club that , through agreement , may have some special offer that could be of interest to the members , supporters and internet users that have supplied their details . The user is also willing for FC BARCELONA to be able to provide his or her personal details to third party collaborators in order for these to be able to make offers and/or send communications to users for commercial or promotional purposes in relation to products or services that could be of interest to them . If the user is not willing for his or her details to be included in any files and later used for informative and commercial purposes , he or she simply has to check the box denying authority to include said data in any files . Should any user provide this authority but later decide to revoke that authority or make any modifications to the data supplied , he or she must send an e-mail to oab @ club.fcbarcelona.cat , or write to the address of the party responsible for the file indicated above . The user reserves the recognized right to access , cancel , rectify or oppose any of their details , and reserves the right to be told how many times these details have been supplied to others , if at all . FC BARCELONA possesses the technical knowledge and means required for the processing of computer databases and the provision of certain services and possesses and employs the security measures required for proper data protection and security in accordance with the regulations established by Spanish Law 15/1999 , on the Protection of Data of a Personal Nature . 
Your personal information is being processed by the Haymarket Media Group ( 'Haymarket ' ) . For a full list of our brands and business divisions please visit our web site . Haymarket respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information . We comply with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998 and aim to maintain consistently high levels of best practice in our processing of your personal information . This Privacy Notice relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us through the Haymarket network of websites and/or other services provided by Haymarket . In order to provide you with the full range of services , we may request and/or record information about you . This privacy notice explains the following :  the type of information we collect ; how the information is used ; when we may contact you ; whether we will disclose your details to anyone else ; and the use of cookies . Many Haymarket websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties . These third party websites have their own privacy notices and we encourage you to review them . We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk . When you sign up to participate in or receive a service from any Haymarket website , such as a newsletter , competition , forum we will ask for limited personal information . We will also collect personal information from you when you subscribe to one of our magazines and when you communicate with us over the telephone or via written correspondence . This can include information such as your name , postal address , telephone or mobile number , fax number , email address , gender or date of birth . Different Haymarket websites may ask for different pieces of personal information . By entering your details in the fields requested , you enable Haymarket and its service providers to provide you with the services you select . Haymarket will use your personal information for a number of non-marketing purposes including the following : we may contact you for service related reasons that you have subscribed to , signed up for , or participate in ( e.g. to make you aware of any delays in your subscription arriving on time , reminding you of a password or username , or about a comment you have made on a website. ) ; to invite you to share your opinions and comments through a research study about the level of service you receive from us ; to track traffic flows and to make our websites easier for you to use ; to fulfil subscription orders ; to provide a user online community ; and for planning and managing our business activities by understanding aggregated analysis on behaviour and habits ; We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group which includes our subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 Yes . Haymarket may use the information you have provided to promote the products and services of Haymarket or others . However , be assured that we understand the irritations of unsolicited communications and are fully committed to ensuring the rights and obligations set out in the Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 are respected . If you do n't want it , you wo n't get it . Any marketing communication you receive will always include a clear , simple option to refuse , or ' opt-out ' of such future communications . You may also opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) . The Telephone Preference Service ( TPS ) and the Mailing Preference Service ( MPS ) offer consumers important statutory and non-statutory protection against unsolicited marketing contact . If you are registered on either service , Haymarket will assume that your subsequent submission of personal data via a Haymarket website or data capture form indicates , for the time being , your consent to receive marketing by us . You may opt-out at ANY time by contacting us ( see below ) . Haymarket may disclose your personal data where it believes it is compelled to do so by law ; in particular for the prevention or detection of crime , the capture or prosecution of offenders ; and the assessment or collection of tax or duty . Occasionally , we may share your contact information with carefully selected third party companies whose products and services we feel may be of interest to you . We will keep these offers relevant to your interests . It 's easy to unsubscribe from any email or mobile messages you no longer want . ( see below ) . We use a number of third party organisations to help provide a professional service to our customers ( i.e. fulfilment bureaus , call centres , and website designers ) . These organizations act as data processors and are strictly controlled in how they may/may not use your personal data . We remain responsible for the protection of your data . Please note that some of our partners may be located outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) . Countries outside the EEA may not be required to protect personal information as stringently as countries inside . Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to request a copy of the personal information that Haymarket holds about you . There will be an administration fee of 10 associated with this request and will require two pieces of identification to prove your identity . Please make a written application to the Data Protection Officer , Haymarket Media Group , Teddington , Middlesex , TW11 9BE . If any of the personal information that we hold about you is incorrect , you can click on the contact us link on each website . If the incorrect information relates to your magazine subscription , then you can contact the customers services team on 08456 777 800 who will update your details as soon as practically possible . This privacy policy may be updated at any time with or without notice in order to comply with new practices or regulations . You may wish to visit this page every time you submit personal information to of Haymarket 's websites . In order to enable us to provide you with a personalised browsing experience , this website uses ' cookie ' information collection technology . " Cookies " are small pieces of information that are issued to your computer when you enter a website . Cookies are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive , and they can be used for a wide range of purposes , such as identifying your computer 's previous visits to a website , and to ascertain the most popular features of a website . This website uses cookies as they enable us to identify your computer when you visit the website . For example , cookies can make it possible for us to identify and automatically log in registered users of certain services on the website without the need for us to ask users for their registration details and password each time they visit . We also use cookies to develop a clearer picture of which parts of the website are the most popular to its visitors , and your preferences . Cookies are also used in behavioural advertising to identify users who share a particular interest so that they can be served more relevant adverts . If you wish to know more about cookies and how companies like Haymarket use them , please visit www.youronlinechoices.com or www.allaboutcookies.org . Information on these websites will assist you in exercising your privacy rights providing guidance on how to opt-out of future access or continued storage of information via cookies . Following recent revisions of the Privacy and Electronic Communications ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2003 relating to the notification and use of cookies Haymarket is currently working towards implementing the new requirements in line with guidance provided by The Information Commissioner 's Office . If you have any further questions or comments concerning your privacy , please contact ; MAIL : Data Protection Officer Haymarket Media Group Teddington Studios Teddington Middlesex TW11 9BE If you do n't want to receive any more direct marketing messages then please click here . Attribution Used throughout the site , Social Network Icon Pack by Komodo Media , Rogie King is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License . Based on a work at www.komodomedia.com . 
