Yahoo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information . How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage . In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page . Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union . To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page . Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets . When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer . Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request . Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission . Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo . Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 . See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information . Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area . Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) . Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business . For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links . Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer . Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies . Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services . Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time . New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time . Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page . Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Return to top We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . Return to top If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo ! Inc . Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 ) 349-5070 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance . Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 
HUFFINGTONPOST.COM : PRIVACY POLICY The Huffington Post , a wholly-owned subsidiary of AOL Inc. , which owns and operates the website www.huffingtonpost.com ( the " Site " ) , takes your privacy very seriously . This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information that is collected from you when you visit the Site ; how this information may be used and disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected . If you have any questions about this privacy policy , please contact our privacy team at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . Scope What information the Site collects How we use the information that we collect Information sharing Third-party services Your choices Access Confidentiality and security Visitors from outside of the United States Children under 13 Changes to the privacy policy Questions and suggestions This privacy policy applies only to the Site . This policy does not apply to information collected through any other website or to the practices of companies that the Huffington Post does not control . Please note that the Site may contain links to other websites . For example , if you click on an advertisement on the Site and link to another website , then this privacy policy will not apply to any information collected on that website . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites , and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit . Information you provide directly to us : You are not required to provide information directly to us in order to view the Site . However , when you use certain Site functions , such as when you register for certain services , access certain content or features , or directly contact the Site , we may ask you to provide information , including : contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , and mobile number ; username and password ; information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ; search queries conducted on the Site ; and correspondence you send to us . Information automatically collected when you visit and interact with the Site : When you visit and interact with the Site , certain information may be collected automatically , including : your computer 's Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ; your browser type and operating system ; the web pages you were visiting immediately before and after you came to the Site ; activities within community discussions ; web pages and advertisements that you view , and links that you click on , within the Site ; your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer ; aggregated data about email click-through rates and user video viewing ; standard server log information ; and information collected through HTML cookies , Flash cookies , web beacons , and similar technologies . For more information , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies . Information we collect from other sources : We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms ( such as social networking sites , databases , online marketing firms , and ad targeting firms ) , including : if you access third-party social networking services ( such as Facebook Connect or Twitter ) through the Site , your username and connection lists for those services ; demographic data , such as age range , gender , and interests ; advertisement interaction and viewing data , such as ad click-through rates and information about how many times you viewed a particular ad ; and unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers , that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law . Please note that the Site may combine the information that we collect with information we obtain from third-party sources . Email Communications : We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications , such as editorial updates , information about your account or changes to the Site , and promotional messages about our own or our marketing partners ' products and services . If you signed up for one of our email newsletters , we also will send you the newsletter that you requested . Mobile Communications : With your consent , we may use your mobile number to send you promotions , notifications , or other services . Advertising : In order to provide our readers with free access to our content , we display advertisements on the Site , many of which are targeted based on information about you . For example , using information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other sources , we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences . Through this process , advertisers reach Site visitors who are most interested in their products , and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested . For more information on how cookies and other technologies work , please see our discussion of cookies and other technologies . Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Site . For more information , please see our section on third party advertising . Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our site are not covered by this privacy policy . User Accounts : To provide you with an open , but also civil , discussion forum , we track user involvement in our community discussions . For example , we keep track of the ratio of how many flagged comments are eventually deleted in order to award badges to our most effective comment moderators . For more information on this process , please see our FAQ section about comment moderation guidelines . Request Fulfillment : We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products , services , and information . For example , we may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Site such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards . Statistical Analysis : In order to learn more about how our Site is used , we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect . We may use this information , for example , to monitor and analyze use of the Site , to increase our Site 's functionality , and to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors ' needs . Enforcement : We may use the information that we collect to prevent illegal activities , to enforce the Site 's Terms and Conditions , and to otherwise protect our rights and the rights of our users . In addition to the uses identified above , we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . The Huffington Post values your privacy , and shares information about our users only under certain circumstances . We will make information about you available to other companies , applications , or people in the circumstances listed below : We may share aggregated information or information that does not directly identify you with third parties to help us develop content , services , and advertising that we hope you will find of interest . Please note that we do not share contact information with third parties that advertise on the Site . We may employ third parties to perform Site-related services , including database management , maintenance services , analytics , marketing , data processing , and email and text message distribution . These third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf . If you choose to engage in public activities on the site , such as posting comments on community message boards , any information you submit can be read , collected , or used by others . Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information in public activities or submissions . We may share information about you in the event that the Site is acquired by or merged with another company or a similar corporate transaction takes place . However , the Site will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account before your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . We may share information about you to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person , violations of the Site 's Terms and Conditions , or as otherwise required by law . We may share information about you to respond to subpoenas , search warrants , judicial proceedings , court orders , legal process , or other law enforcement measures , to establish or exercise our legal rights , or to defend against legal claims . In addition to the scenarios identified above , we may share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Please note that third parties may independently collect data about you , including your IP address and information about the websites you visit and the links you click , through cookies , clicks on links , or other means when you visit or view ads on the Site . For more information , see our section on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising . To customize your experience on the Site and to simplify the Site 's registration process , we provide you with the opportunity to access or interact with third-party services , such as Facebook and Twitter . When you connect to the Site through these third-party services , we may share information about you with these third-party service providers and they may share data about you with us . When you allow us to access your data through a third-party service to create a Site profile , we may use this data for several purposes , including : Creating relationships automatically within our system . For example , if you connect to us via a service with a public friend list , like Twitter , we may check to see if any people you follow on Twitter are also Site members . If we find a match , we will replicate your Twitter relationship with those members , setting them to be fans , followers , or friends on our Site . Suggesting relationships . For example , if you connect via a service that has a private contact list ( like Google and Yahoo ! ) , we check for people in your contacts who are Site members and suggest that you become a fan of these users . This process is not automatic ; you must affirmatively choose to become a fan of these suggested users . Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send emails . When users share content with their friends using , for example , the forward-to-a-friend feature on the Site , we may use friend lists from third-party services to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send the email message . Populating a list of potential friends to whom you can send service-specific messages . For example , we may use friend lists from a third-party service to create a list of contacts to whom you may choose to send an invitation to view an interactive slideshow . To enhance and personalize your experience on the Site . When you are connected via a third-party service , we may access certain account information , such as your profile picture , what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about certain articles or blog posts , in order to enhance and personalize your experience on the Site . In addition , if you connect to a Facebook account , your experience on the Site may be personalized . For example , you may automatically see what stories are popular in your network , and what your friends are saying about particular stories . Please note that you may disconnect third party accounts at any time . Click here for a link to your social profile , where you may set your privacy preferences or disconnect all of your third-party service accounts . You also may be able to modify your privacy settings directly with the third-party service . To modify your Facebook privacy settings , click here . To modify your Twitter privacy settings , click here . Please remember that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party services . We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party service providers . Deactivating your account You can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preferences page for your profile . When you deactivate your account , your user profile will be disabled , but your public comments will remain on the site . The Site has no responsibility to take down , remove , or edit any of your public activities or any submissions that are a result of your public activities . For more information , please review our Terms and Conditions . Cookies and other technologies As discussed in the sections on cookies and other technologies and third party advertising , some information is collected about you automatically through cookies and other technologies . Cookies . You can change your browser settings to reject all cookies , accept only certain cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set . Please note that you may need to renew these settings if you delete your cookies after these preferences are made . These settings also may not apply if you are using a different computer or Internet browser . In addition , many third-party advertising networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) . To opt out of having information collected by NAI member companies used for behavioral advertising , to obtain information about the technologies these ad networks might use , and to view information regarding their privacy policies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . Flash Cookies . You can control how Flash cookies are used by visiting the Adobe Macromedia site , located here . Adobe enables you to allow some Flash cookies from certain websites , limit Flash cookies ' storage capacity , and disallow Flash cookies altogether . In addition , if you use Mozilla Firefox for your Internet browser , you can download the BetterPrivacy add-on to automatically delete your Flash cookies every time you close your browser . If you opt out of these technologies , you will continue to see advertising displayed on the Site , but the advertising may not be targeted to your interests . Please remember that we do not have access to , or control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' cookies , and the information practices of third parties are not covered by this privacy policy . For more information on the use of cookies in online advertising , please see the section on third party advertising and visit the NAI 's website . If you choose to share contact information with us , you may update or amend this information by contacting us at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical , physical , and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss , misuse , and alteration . Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We want you to feel confident using the Site , but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . The Site 's offices are located in the United States . If you visit the site from another country , please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Site may be processed in and transferred to the United States and will be subject to U.S. law . U.S. privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence . By using the Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , transfer , storage , and processing of information to and in the United States . European Union Residents : AOL adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement , and is registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Program . We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 . If we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible . If you believe that we may have collected information from a child under 13 , please contact us at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . We may update this privacy policy at any time to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings . If we modify this privacy policy , we will update the " Effective Date. "  We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information by placing a prominent notice on our site or sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account . If you have questions about this privacy policy , please contact our privacy team at privacy @ huffingtonpost.com . 
Thank you for visiting CNN.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( Turner ) . Your privacy is important to us . As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turners network of affiliated websites ( Turner Network ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates . At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities . In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services . At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number . At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites . A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT&T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on . You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications . When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the likes ' you make , etc. )  to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content . Through some social networking sites privacy settings , you can control what data you share . For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use . We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us . We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences . If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us . We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion . We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites . By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy . When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties . We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements . In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity . Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement . We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure . If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site . To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties . To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies . Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences . Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites . We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites . This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising . The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content . Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as Flash cookies ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation . Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser . You can access your Flash management tools from Adobes website directly . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page . For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page . At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include do not track instructions . However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies . Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties . By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity . We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information . The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information . We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements . These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties . The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement . Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you . Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known . Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests . Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites . For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use web beacons to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest . It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the cookies stored in your browser . We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads . To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page . Turner is a participant in the online industrys self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the DAA ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAAs principles applicable to interest-based ads . Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads . You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) at the NAI site . Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally . In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate . The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country . Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected . By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online . Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you . For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided . You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information . For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service . E-mail Administration Turner Broadcasting System , Inc . Attention : Privacy One CNN Center , 13 North Atlanta , GA 30303 email : privacy.cnn @ turner.com If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may contact us at privacy.cnn @ turner.com . From time to time , we may update this privacy statement . We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site . We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect , how we use it , and with whom we share it . The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in October , 2013 . 
reddit privacy policy effective dec 18 , 2013 your privacy is genuinely important to us . here 's how we manage and use your data . 1 We take protecting your privacy seriously , and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information . This document is our Privacy Policy , which describes what information we collect and what it 's used for . It applies to all interactions with reddit.com , including content posted through iReddit , and interactions with our site through the button and widget . However , other services we own such as redditgifts and loosely affiliated but independent services ( for instance , radio reddit ) have their own terms , and you should review them on each service 's respective website . 2 Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . Your use of and/or registration with reddit will constitute your agreement to our policy . If you can not agree to the terms and conditions set forth below , please do not use our services . Additionally , our Privacy Policy is part of our User Agreement , and by using the site you agree to both . 3 reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want . We collect some information in order for you to have an account you can use to participate on the site , and other information that is necessary to make the service work . Our goal in developing our privacy practices is to allow your participation to remain as anonymous as you choose and we do n't sell or profit from the information you share with us . 4 We do take efforts to make sure the platform keeps working . This includes using your information , where necessary , to stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement . We also share your information when we are legally required to do so . Please read this privacy policy carefully . It describes what information we collect , how it is used , and when it is shared so you can make smart decisions about how you use reddit ! We think it strikes a good balance and respects you our users who make this whole thing possible . Let us know what you think . registration information 5 When you create an account , you are required to provide a username and password , and may opt to provide an email address . We also log , and retain indefinitely , the IP address from which the account is initially created . post , comment and messaging data 6 The posts and comments you make on reddit are not private , even if made to a subreddit not readily accessible to the public . This means that , by default , they are not deleted from our servers ever and will still be accessible after your account is deleted . However , we only save the most recent version of comments and posts , so your previous edits , once overwritten , are no longer available . 7 Your messages are generally only viewable by the parties involved , but they may be accessed internally as needed for community support . Moreover , we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service , even when both parties later delete their accounts . 8 reddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts , comments , and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent . reddit gold 9 If you choose to upgrade to reddit gold , this status will be stored on your profile , along with the transaction number associated with the payment . However , reddit does not handle or have access to any of your payment information . For questions about how this information is stored and used , please read our third party partners ' privacy policies . log data 10 Log data is certain information that is automatically collected by our systems when you visit reddit , including the type of software used to access the site ( browser , operating system ) , the address of the external or internal page that referred you , and your IP address . This information is recorded even if you are logged out of your account . It will be deleted from our servers after 90 days . other information related to your account 11 As you interact with reddit as an accountholder , we save certain information about these interactions and your preferences : subscriptions , preferred language , all languages you see content in , accumulated karma , voting data , and date of last login . You may also opt to add " flair " to decorate your profile , and this will be stored as well . our use of your information is limited to improving your experience 12 It takes a lot of work to keep our site running and prevent abuse , and we sometimes use your data in order to facilitate this . Your information is used internally only where necessary to provide our services . For instance , we keep IP addresses for 90 days in order to investigate issues with our site , track and block suspected spammers , and otherwise maintain the integrity of the community . your private information is never for sale 13 This means that we will only share your personal data with your consent , and after letting you know what information will be shared and with whom , unless it is otherwise permitted in this policy . While advertisers may target their ads to the topic of a given subreddit , we do not sell or otherwise give access to any information collected about our users to any third party . 14 Anonymous , aggregated information that can not be linked back to an individual user may be made available to third parties . reddit will not disclose your information unless required by law 15 We may disclose or preserve for future disclosure your information if we believe , after due consideration , that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law , regulation , or valid legal process . If we are going to release your information , we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance via reddit 's private messaging system unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so ( e.g. , an order under 18 U.S.C. 2705 ( b ) ) . your information may be disclosed by us in an emergency or to keep our services running 16 Other extraordinary circumstances may require disclosure : we may also disclose your information when we believe it 's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person ; to address fraud , security , or spam ; or to protect our rights or property . 17 Cookies are small data files placed on your computer by websites you visit in order to help them remember certain information about you . At reddit , we set only a few cookies for tracking user preferences , authentication , and collecting anonymous analytics data . Additionally , our advertising partners set cookies . Each of these uses is described in greater detail below . california 's ' do not track ' law 18 reddit 's website does not currently respond to a Do Not Track ( " DNT " ) or similar signal as it awaits the results of efforts by the policy and legal community to determine the meaning of DNT and the proper way to respond . reddit does not allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information from users on reddit . preference cookies 19 If you are logged out , reddit will place a simple cookie to remember if you indicate you would like to view over 18 content , or if you set a language preference . Additionally , if you vote an advertisement up or down , our third-party advertising partner , Adzerk , will set a cookie to remember your ad preferences . 20 reddit.tv will place a simple cookie to remember your channel choices , which includes the subreddits you choose as channels and how they are arranged , and your playback preferences including vote sort , autoplay , shuffle , NSFW/SFW , and whether annotations will be visible . authentication cookies 21 When you log into your account , reddit will place a cookie for the sole purpose of creating this session . It contains your user id and hashed authentication information . analytics cookies 22 We use a tool called Google Analytics to help us understand how users interact with our website . It tells us aggregate usage and traffic information , such as how the site was accessed , how long visitors stayed , and the number of first-time visitors to the site . By knowing how people use the site , we can make it better . To learn more about Google Analytics and how it uses your data , please visit http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html . advertising cookies 23 We partner with Adzerk to show our users third party ads . 24 Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service pursuant to Adzerk 's privacy policy . disabling cookies 25 Most browsers include an option to clear existing cookies or reject new ones . However , if you do this , portions of the reddit website may not function as intended . 26 You may choose to delete your reddit account at any time . The usernames associated with deleted accounts remain unavailable for others to use , and your public profile is no longer visible to users of the site . However , the posts and content you made during your tenure as a reddit user will not be automatically deleted as part of the account removal process , though your username will be publicly disassociated with all posts . 27 Certain third party sites may offer users the option to log in using their reddit id ( for example , redditgifts ) . This option is only an authentication tool and does not transmit any new personal information to reddit , or give reddit access to details of subsequent actions taken on these sites . 28 reddit will make every effort to secure any private information submitted to us by our users . However , no data transmission over the internet is completely secure , so we can not guarantee the absolute security of this data . You use the service at your own risk , and are responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account ( such as carefully maintaining the secrecy of your password ) . 29 reddit is a San Francisco , California-based company whose servers are housed in the United States . All personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the United States and processed according to US law . 30 reddit complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . reddit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view reddit 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . 31 In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles , reddit commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information . European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us . 32 reddit has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed reddit , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . 33 Although we welcome users from all walks of life , our site is not aimed at children , and the United States government has put limits on our ability to accept users under a certain age through the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . Individuals under the age of 13 may not create an account with us . If you believe someone 12 or younger is using our site without parental consent , please contact us . 34 We reserve the right to change this policy to meet the changing needs of reddit , or for any other reason . If we make changes , we will notify our users . Where the changes substantially alters your rights , notice will appear prominently on your front page . More minor changes may only be highlighted by the privacy policy link in the footer of our website . 35 reddit welcomes questions , concerns , and feedback about this policy . Please feel free to contact us . 
The BBC is committed to protecting your and your family 's personal information when you are using BBC services . We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience . This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text , by email , in letters or correspondence . It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online , on mobile or on the Red Button service . In order to provide you with the full range of BBC services , we sometimes need to collect information about you . This Privacy Policy explains the following :  what information the BBC may collect about you ; how the BBC will use information we collect about you ; when the BBC may use your details to contact you ; whether the BBC will disclose your details to anyone else ; your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us ; the use of cookies on BBC websites and how you can reject these cookies . The BBC is committed to safeguarding your personal information . Whenever you provide such information , we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information , including the Data Protection Act 1998 ( these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the " data protection laws " ) . BBC websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties . These third party websites have their own privacy policies , and are also likely to use cookies , and we therefore urge you to review them . They will govern the use of personal information you submit , which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites . We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk . The BBC is the largest broadcasting organisation in the world . We are a public service broadcaster , established by a Royal Charter and primarily funded by the licence fee that is paid by UK households . The BBC includes the BBC World Service , which broadcasts to the world on radio , on TV and online , providing news and information in 32 languages . It is funded by a government grant , not from the licence fee . The BBC also has a commercial arm , BBC Worldwide Limited and its group companies ( BBC Worldwide ) . BBC Worldwide is a wholly owned subsidiary and returns its profits to the BBC for investment in new programming and services . Amongst other activities , BBC Worldwide operates the international , advertising-funded version of the BBC website , bbc.com , for users from outside of the UK . BBC Worldwide 's activities are only covered by this Privacy Policy in relation to its use of any personal information collected on bbc.com . To find out more about BBC Worldwide , its commercial operations and how it will use personal information collected when you use its other international and UK services , please see its corporate website and the BBC Worldwide Privacy Policy . When we refer to ' we " or ' our " or ' the BBC " we are referring to the BBC , the BBC World Service and BBC Worldwide ( but only in relation to BBC Worldwide 's use of information collected via bbc.com ) . When you participate in , access or sign up to any of the BBC 's services , activities or online content , such as newsletters , competitions , live chats , message boards , telephone or text the BBC , vote , donate money to a BBC charity appeal , book tickets for a BBC event or create an account using the BBC 's online registration system we may receive personal information about you . This can consist of information such as your name , email address , postal address , telephone or mobile number or date of birth , depending on the activity . By submitting your details , you enable the BBC ( and where applicable its contractors ) to provide you with the services , activities or online content you select . Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information , and sometimes sensitive personal information ( e.g. if you 're sending in an application to be a contributor on a political party we may need to know your political leanings ) . When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it . The BBC also uses cookies ( see section 13 below for details ) and collects IP addresses ( an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet ) from visitors to BBC websites . The BBC will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following : to provide our services , activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries ; for " service administration purposes " , which means that the BBC may contact you for reasons related to the service , activity or online content you have signed up for , as set out in section 5 below ( e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service , activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance ) ; to contact you about a submission you have made , including any content you provide . For additional information , please see the UGC FAQS ( User Generated Content Frequently Asked Questions ) ; to provide you with information about our services , activities or online content ; to personalise the way BBC content is presented to you ( e.g. if the first thing you look at every day on the BBC website is the weather for Luton , we may present this information or a link to it on your homepage ) ; to use IP addresses to identify the location of users , to block disruptive use , to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not . If not , you will be re-directed to the international version of the BBC website ( bbc.com ) , ( see section 12 for details ) ; to analyse and improve the services offered on BBC websites ; to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience . The BBC may also use and disclose information in aggregate ( so that no individuals are identified ) for marketing and strategic development purposes ; and when you access the BBC website from outside the UK , you will see the international version ( bbc.com ) which features advertising . A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user . BBC Worldwide uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at on the international version of the BBC website and other BBC Worldwide sites , and your IP address information . This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as onsite behavioural targeting . The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not know who you are : it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you , if you are accessing the BBC website from outside the UK , which it believes are relevant . Find out more about BBC Worldwide 's use of its behavioural targeting system in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . It is important to remember that you will only see this advertising , and receive Behavioural Targeted Marketing cookies , if you are visiting bbc.com from outside the UK . Where the BBC proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first . You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above . The BBC may contact you : in relation to any service , activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the BBC can deliver the services to you ; in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about BBC products or services ; in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the BBC , e.g. on the BBC message boards or via text or voicemail message ; to invite you to participate in surveys about the BBC services ( participation is always voluntary ) ; and for marketing purposes , where you have agreed to this ( see section 6 below )  Local pages will give you detailed information about how the BBC will contact you in relation to specific services , activities or online content . The BBC will only use your information for marketing purposes , or to promote new services , activities or online content where you have agreed to this . We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law ( for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies ) or as described in section 8 below . Generally , we will only use your information within the BBC . However , sometimes the BBC uses third parties to process your information on our behalf . The BBC requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and the BBC requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes , unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way . If you post or send offensive , inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to BBC websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any BBC service , the BBC may use your personal information to stop such behaviour . Where the BBC reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws ( e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory ) , the BBC may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer , school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour . If you are aged 16 or under , please get your parent/guardian 's permission before you provide any personal information to the BBC . Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information . We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity , or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with the BBC or the BBC 's corporate retention schedule ( a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long ) . If you cancel your registration as a BBC website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and , while the BBC can not use the personal information , it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically . Where you contribute material to the BBC we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose ( s ) for which it was submitted . For example , we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition . However other projects ( e.g. the People 's War website ) are likely to have a longer , or even permanent , duration . The BBC , as a publicly funded organisation , also has an obligation to record snapshots of history which may include some User Generated Content i.e. content provided by the public . Therefore , some content submitted to , or shared with , the BBC may be retained for prolonged periods of time or potentially indefinitely in the BBC 's Archive , which is true of News contributions which are published . There may also be rare instances where we will share your contribution with third parties in the interests of maintaining historical archives ( e.g. contributions about people 's experiences in the Second World War were given to the Imperial War Museum ) . Where possible , we will endeavour to inform you upfront or let you know at a later date where we are likely to keep content indefinitely or pass it onto an approved historical archive . Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to request a copy of the personal information the BBC holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected . ( We charge 10 for information requests and require you to prove your identity with 2 pieces of approved identification ) . We will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you on our files . Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer , Room2252 , White City Building , 201 Wood Lane , London W12 7TS ( Email : dpa.officer @ bbc.co.uk )  The BBC website is published in the UK by the BBC as bbc.co.uk . The international version of the website , bbc.com , is made available to international users accessing the website from outside the UK by the BBC 's commercial subsidiary , BBC Worldwide Ltd , on a commercial basis ( i.e. some of the pages you access from outside the UK will have advertising on them ) under licence from the BBC . Please note that some pages of the BBC website are made available to users outside the UK on a non-commercial basis ( for example , the front page for the BBC World Service 's foreign language sites , e.g. http : //www.bbc.co.uk/mundo/index.shtml ) . All personal information submitted by users outside the UK to bbc.com and to the World Service 's foreign language sites will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy ( and any local terms that apply to certain areas of the site ) . Where there is a conflict , the local terms will apply . a . What is a cookie ? A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer , tablet or mobile phone ( referred to here as a " device " ) browser from a website 's computer and is stored on your device 's hard drive . Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser 's preferences allow it , but ( to protect your privacy ) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you , not the cookies sent to you by other websites . Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows . On BBC websites , cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests . During the course of any visit to a BBC website , the pages you see , along with a cookie , are downloaded to your device . Many websites do this , because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device ( and probably its user ) has visited the website before . This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see , and finding , the cookie left there on the last visit . b . How does the BBC use cookies ? Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience . For example , if on a previous visit you went to our education pages , we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits . The BBC uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users . All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes ( see section 6 above ) . Certain areas of BBC websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example , to help an online game work effectively on your device . Additionally , BBC Worldwide uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising on bbc.com to non-UK users . Further information , including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies , can be found in the international users section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . c . Third Party Cookies in embedded content on BBC pages Please note that during your visits to BBC websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the BBC or the BBC 's contractors . When you visit a page with content embedded from , for example , YouTube or Flickr , you may be presented with cookies from these websites . The BBC does not control the dissemination of these cookies . You should check the third party websites for more information about these . Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content . d . BBC cookies and how to reject cookies ? Full information about how the BBC uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the BBC website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the BBC Privacy & Cookies website . It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies , this means that certain personalised features can not then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites ' features . This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the BBC . The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page . If you do not agree to these changes , please do not continue to use BBC websites to submit personal information to the BBC . If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website . Some areas , such as TV Licensing and BBC charity appeals have their own privacy and cookies policies which you should also read before submitting your personal information . Go to the TV Licensing Privacy Policy to see how the BBC uses your personal information for TV Licensing purposes . In relation to BBC Worldwide , this Privacy Policy only applies to its use of data collected via the international version of the BBC website , bbc.com , which is accessed by users from outside the UK . For details of how BBC Worldwide uses personal information collected via its other international and UK services please see BBC Worldwide 's Privacy Policy If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact : The Data Protection Officer Room 2252 White City Building 201 Wood Lane London W12 7TS ( Email : dpa.officer @ bbc.co.uk ) If you are viewing the international version of this website , bbc.com , and you have any questions or comments about the Privacy Policy , please contact BBC Worldwide via email : dataprotection @ bbc.com Last updated : May 2012 
Privacy Policy EFFECTIVE AS OF December 6 , 2013 The Weather Channel , LLC ( " The Weather Channel " ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information . " Services " include The Weather Channel 's weather.com website ( the " Site " ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which The Weather Channel provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , software applications ( including The Weather Channel Desktop ) , mobile web sites , mobile applications , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , message boards , SMS messaging , and delivery of The Weather Channel content to you at your request . " Services " also includes alert products . " Services " do not include , however websites of The Weather Channel and its affiliates that primarily serve international markets ( e.g. weather.co.uk ) , or any other products or services of The Weather Channel . We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in The Weather Channel 's products and services . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site and mobile applications , and does not cover information that may be collected through other software downloaded from the Site . The Weather Channel has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software , other than mobile applications . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please contact us . If you are not satisfied with our response or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within five business days you can contact TRUSTe here . When you visit a Web site or mobile application displaying the TRUSTe trustmark , you can expect to be notified of what personally identifiable information of yours is collected ; what organization is collecting the information ; how the information is used ; with whom the information may be shared ; what choices are available to you regarding collection , use and distribution of the information ; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss , misuse or alteration of information under the company 's control ; and how you can make changes to the information . If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . If you would like to modify your contact information or personal preferences and you have registered with us and obtained a password , you may access your weather.com profile from the " Weather Tools " section by selecting " My Profile " or accessing https : //profile.weather.com or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . TRUSTe In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , The Weather Channel may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " ) from you , including your name , e-mail address , billing address , phone number , and credit card information . For example , we collect PII when you make a purchase from us or sign up for one of our premium or enhanced services . Some other examples of instances when we collect PII include when you subscribe to NOTIFY ! by The Weather Channel ( weather information delivered to you via phone , e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel Alerts , ( weather information delivered to you via e-mail or text ) , The Weather Channel API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , and The Weather Channel Desktop Max ( a software application which you can download to your desktop to receive weather information ) . Other examples of when we collect PII are when you : Complete a survey Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes Make a purchase from our online store Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information Submit a photo or video Participate in an online forum or community , or Customize the Services . We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as : Specific geographic location where you are currently located Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about the applications on your device Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Device identifier Carrier Browser type Browser identifier Referring URL Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions . In the case of participation in a chat session , we require you to select a user name . Please be aware that chat sessions are monitored and transcripts are posted on the Site for access by other users . Any information , including PII , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo and video submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the information , including PII , you choose to submit in these forums . Content Submissions . If you upload , rate or share videos or photos , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a user name and email address or you can log in through your social media provider . If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content may become publicly available . Location Information . In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location . For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state or zip code . To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services . You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your device . If you have The Weather Channel mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the " Settings " menu in the application and toggling location services off . Toggling location services off will also disable certain services in the application , including severe alerts . Alerts and notifications . In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates . To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains . If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered . SessionM . When you log in to Session M 's mPOINTS in our mobile applications that contain mPOINTS , Session M will provide us with your email address . One of the most valuable assets of our business is you . Except as described below The Weather Channel does not rent , sell or share PII about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies . A . The Weather Channel and its Affiliates We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services . We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you . At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive special offers from The Weather Channel and its affiliates . If you choose to opt in , The Weather Channel and its affiliates will use your PII to inform you of other products or services available from The Weather Channel and its affiliates , including WSI Corporation , The Weather Underground LLC , and Weather Central , LP . These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel . B . Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors . With your permission , The Weather Channel will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile . In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them . You will always have the opportunity , to opt-out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email . In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services . In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer . When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested . We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties . You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying PII to them . C . Third-Party Processors When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( " Third Party Processors " ) . These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online store , that process credit card information or handle shipping for The Weather Channel , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them . We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services . Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for The Weather Channel . We require that the third party processors securely store the PII we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential . D . Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities . In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer . In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting . In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities . These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices . The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of PII . Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook , Twitter , and SessionM 's mPOINTS . You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services . By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use . Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services . Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy . Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services . The Weather Channel does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information . For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services . As The Weather Channel does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements . E. Use by Us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies The Weather Channel and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful . These Internet technologies include : IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet . Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device . Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags . HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device . Information that The Weather Channel collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you . The Weather Channel uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services . In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties . For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below . Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage . Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage , or visit the " Managing cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage on your browser " article in the Support area of the weather.com site . If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly . The Weather Channel contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies . These Third Party Processors include Adobe and its Omniture product . To obtain information about the privacy and security practices of Adobe 's Omniture Product , use the following link : Adobe : http : //www.weather.com/common/home/modules/privacyOptoutp1.html This opt-out is device specific and may not work on all devices . F. Use of Cookies , Web Beacons , and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers , and Analytics Companies The Weather Channel works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users . These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads . These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit . This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services . You should be aware that The Weather Channel does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them . For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites : DoubleClick : http : //www.google.com/doubleclick Nielsen : http : //www.nielsen-netratings.com/privacy/sitecensus.htm comScore and its affiliate , Scorecard Research : http : //www.scorecardresearch.com/Priv.html http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http : //www.aboutads.info/choices These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices . You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising . The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out . You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application . G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses The Weather Channel continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company . If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale . If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information . If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . H . Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Channel believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; ( iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Legal Restrictions and Terms of Use ; or ( iv ) where otherwise required by law . If you choose to use a feature that allows you to e-mail parts of the Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e-mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements . This information is not used for any other purpose . Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list . If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available . We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose . If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in . To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails . If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your weather.com profile online at " MY PROFILE " or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at deleteaccount @ talk2.weather.com . Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . If you receive an offer or promotion from The Weather Channel or a third party related to The Weather Channel you must have opted in . To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by The Weather Channel presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails . If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your PII , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your weather.com profile online at " MY PROFILE " or you may contact us directly at http : //feedback.weather.com . The Weather Channel is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet . We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any PII . The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children . The linked sites and services are not under the control of The Weather Channel . We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children . We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services . The Weather Channel , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen . By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States . Keeping the information you provide to The Weather Channel secure is important to us . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data . Of course , although The Weather Channel uses standard industry practices to protect your PII , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your PII will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties . The Weather Channel reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone . All changes to this policy will be posted on this site prior to the time they take effect . If we make material changes to the way we use PII , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . 
Last Updated on October 14 , 2013 This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for The New York Times newspaper and NYTimes.com ( including international.nytimes.com , the online edition of The International New York Times ) The New York Times Home Delivery Web site , The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund , Times Skimmer , Times Reader , The New York Times Store and The New York Times Learning Network , Web sites and other applications ( collectively referred to as the NYT Services ) , and to any services that display this notice . For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , unless otherwise noted , all references to " The New York Times " include NYTimes.com and The New York Times newspaper . The New York Times Replica Edition , which is maintained by NewspaperDirect , maintains its own Privacy Policy . The New York Times advertising portal , for advertisers of The Times , also maintains a separate Privacy Policy . The NYT Services may contain links to other Web sites for your convenience and information . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites . This Privacy Policy , covers the following :  What information do we gather about you ? What do we do with the information we gather about you ? With whom do we share the information that we gather ? What is our e-mail policy ? How do I change or update my personal information ? How do I opt-out from receiving promotional offers ? Is my information protected ? Compliance with legal process Children 's Guidelines Your California Privacy Rights Changes to this Privacy Policy TRUSTe : The New York Times has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . TRUSTe : Click to Verify If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement , you should first contact Customer Service by sending an e-mail to feedback @ nytimes.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the NYTimes.com Web site and those applications that have a shortened TRUSTe privacy statement . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this site . TRUSTe has not certified the disclosures in this Privacy Policy that relate to the Times Reader software . The information The New York Times gathers falls into two categories : 1 ) Personal information , which includes personal information you supply when you subscribe , order , complete a survey , register for one of our sites , enter a contest or provide your e-mail address and 2 ) Non-personal information collected through technology , which includes tracking information collected as you use the NYT Services . Personal Information That You Give Us Registration Information Registration for the NYT Services may require that you supply certain personal information , including a unique e-mail address and demographic information ( ZIP code , age , sex , household income , job industry and job title ) to register . You may choose to log in , create an account or enhance your profile at NYTimes.com through the Facebook Connect feature on NYTimes.com . By doing this , you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile , and you authorize us to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface . After you have connected , Facebook also sends us additional information from your profile that allows us to display a Facebook module on the pages you view . To disassociate your NYTimes.com registration from third party accounts , please see our Social Media FAQ . Billing and Credit Card Information To enable payment and donations on the NYT services , we collect and store name , address , telephone number , e-mail address , credit card information and other billing information . This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to complete the purchase transaction . Examples of this include fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments . User Generated Content and Public Activities ( Including Comments , Reader Reviews and TimesPeople )  We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on NYTimes.com and other NYT Services . " Public activities " are any actions you take on NYTimes.com that are designed to be visible to other users , including comments , recommendations , reader reviews , ratings or any other items that you submit . Any information you disclose in your public activities , along with your screen name or ID , or any image or photo , becomes public and may be used by The New York Times for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media . If you choose to engage in public activities , you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read , collected , or used by other users of these areas , and could be used to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and The New York Times has no responsibility to publish , take down , remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities . For more information , see the Comments FAQ and read the Forums , Discussions and User Generated Content section of the Terms of Service . When you share or recommend ( with or without adding your own comments ) any NYTimes.com articles or content to your Facebook profile , that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy . We do not track or store a record of those comments or actions . If you have registered for a NYTimes.com account , we will track and aggregate your public activities on NYTimes.com . By choosing to participate in public activities , you are electing to share and display such public activities via NYTimes.com . Also , public activities may be included in RSS feeds , APIs and made available to other Web sites via other formats . As a result , your public activities may appear on other Web sites , blogs , or feeds . Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities , and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you , not The New York Times . Please see our Comments FAQ for additional information . Contests , Sweepstakes and Special Offers The New York Times collects personal information from you in connection with optional sweepstakes , contests or special offers . If this information is also being collected by a third party other than The New York Times , we will notify you at the same time . If you do not want any personal information shared , you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or special offer . Reader Surveys , Reader Panels and Market Research The New York Times may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys . Data may be collected through the NYT Services , on the phone or through the mail . The information you provide in response to optional survey questions may be shared , but only in the aggregate , with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection . Members of our Reader Panels agree to participate in surveys , polls or discussions about their readership of The New York Times , their household/personal characteristics and their purchase behavior . If you choose to be a panel member , we require that you supply us with your e-mail address and name . Home address and telephone number are optional . Our panels are currently administered by Vision Critical and Beta Research . Special Events and Promotions We often receive information regarding readers who may attend Times Talks , Arts & Leisure Weekend and other New York Times conferences , events and promotions from sign-in and registration lists . Unless we indicate otherwise at the time we collect the information , we will use such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Non-Personal Information Collected Using Technology Information Collected by Us Using Technology We use various Internet technologies to manage the NYT Services and track use of the Services . Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you . Device Information . We may collect non-personal information about the computer , mobile device or other device you use to access the NYT Services , such as IP address , geolocation information , unique device identifiers , browser type , browser language and other transactional information . Cookies , Beacons , Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies . In providing the NYT Services , we use " cookies , " Web beacons , HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies to manage access to and use of the Services , recognize you and provide personalization , as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there . You will not be able to access certain areas of our Web sites , including NYTimes.com , if your computer does not accept cookies from us . For more detailed information about our use of cookies and local storage , and how to manage them , see Frequently Asked Questions About Cookies and Similar Technologies in our Help section . The New York Times Home Delivery Web site also transmits non-personally identifiable Web site usage information about visitors to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on other sites . To do this , we use Web Beacons in conjunction with cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site . For more information about our third-party ad server , or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used to target ads to you , please click here . Analytics Technologies . We have hired third parties to provide us information , reports and analysis about the usage , browsing patterns of users of the NYT Services . WebTrends tracks and analyzes non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on NYTimes.com . All data collected by WebTrends on our behalf is owned and used by us . For more information about how WebTrends collects data , please read their privacy policy at https : //ondemand.webtrends.com/privacypolicy.asp# PSFV Audience Science tracks and analyzes anonymous usage and browsing patterns of our Web site users . All data collected by Audience Science on our behalf is owned and used by The New York Times alone . For more information about Audience Science 's privacy policy , including how to opt out , go to http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp . We use Localytics and Flurry to track and report on the usage and browsing patterns on some of our mobile applications . For more information about Flurry and its privacy policy , please go to http : //www.flurry.com/about-us/legal/privacy.html . For more information about Localytics and its privacy policy , please go to http : //www.localytics.com/privacy-policy . Flurry and Localytics may independently record the type of device and operating system you are using , general location information , as well as events that occur within our apps , such as how often you use our apps . We do not receive that information . IP Addresses . The New York Times logs Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , or the location of your computer on the Internet , for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes . We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Web sites and mobile applications . Log Files and Your Reading History . We automatically log certain usage information about your use of NYT Service . This information includes a reading history of the pages you view . We use this information in order to provide you with customized Recommendations on NYTimes.com based on your reading history . For more information on the Recommendations feature , please read the Recommendations FAQ . We also use log files in the aggregate to analyze usage of our Web sites and mobile applications . If you download and use the Times Reader software application , the log files will automatically be collected by the application and sent to our servers when your computer syncs up for the latest news . Location Information . Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app . If you enable the location-based feature , your current location will be stored locally on your device , which will then be used by the app . If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history , we will store that information on our servers . If you do not enable the location-based service , or if an app does not have that feature , the app will not transmit to us , and we will not collect or store , location information . Ads may be displayed within our apps . The ads you see are not targeted to you based on your current GPS location , but they may be targeted to you based on your device 's IP address or ZIP code . Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology Some of the services and advertisements included in the NYT Services , including on NYTimes.com and within our mobile apps , are delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies , Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our Web site users . For example , in the course of serving certain advertisements , some advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of the NYT Services . In many cases , this information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites . We do not have access to , nor control over , advertisers ' or service providers ' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used . Please click here to see a list of third parties that may be using cookies to serve advertising on our Web sites . For example , Google is one of the companies that serve advertisements onto NYTimes.com . It uses the DART cookie to serve ads based on your visit to NYTimes.com and other sites on the Internet . You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy . You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Web site :  1 ) If you would like more information about advertisers ' use of cookies , and about your option not to accept these cookies , please click here . 2 ) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites , click here . Your access to our Web sites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties . Providing the Services You Request We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the NYT Services , fulfill your requests for certain products and services , such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services , polls , contests , and message boards . Statistical Analysis We perform statistical , demographic and marketing analyses of users of the NYT Services , and their subscribing and purchasing patterns , for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base . We use this information for analysis purposes , including analysis to improve customer relationships . Customizing Your Experience We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent . We also use this information to customize certain features of the NYT Services to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access the NYT Services , and in certain cases , provide you with requested services . Relevant Advertising We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the NYT Service to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent . This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them , and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive , improving both the viewer 's experience and the effectiveness of the ads . We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form . E-Mail Newsletters The New York Times will periodically send you e-mail newsletters or promotional e-mail about services offered by The New York Times and its advertisers . For details about New York Times e-mail , please see the section labeled " What Is Our E-Mail Policy ? "  The New York Times If you have registered to use the NYT Services , we will not sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address or any information that personally identifies you without your permission . We also share information about our audience in aggregate or de-identified form . Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict The New York Times 's use of aggregated or de-identified information in any way . In the future , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses . In such transactions , we may include your information among the transferred assets . Third Parties If you are a print subscriber to The New York Times newspaper and subscribed either by mail , phone or online , we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address and certain other information , such as when you first subscribed to The New York Times ( but not your e-mail address ) with other reputable companies that offer marketing information or products through direct mail . If you prefer that we do not share this information , you may opt-out by e-mailing us at opt-out @ nytimes.com , or write to us at Customer Care , P.O . Box 8041 Davenport IA 52808-8041 . If you are a current print subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please include " Opt-out " in the subject line . Service Providers We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf , including credit-card and billing processing , shipping , e-mail distribution , list processing and analytics or promotions management . We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services . These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for The New York Times , and they may not share , resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes . We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations , in accordance with applicable laws . We may occasionally release personal information as required by law , for example , to comply with a court order or subpoena . ( For more information , see the " Compliance with legal process " section of this policy. )  The New York Times complies fully with the federal CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 . We will not share , sell , rent , swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address for commercial purposes without your permission . If you feel you have received an e-mail from us in error , please contact feedback @ nytimes.com . Account and Service-Related E-Mail . The New York Times reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your account status . This includes order confirmations , renewal/expiration notices , notices of credit-card problems , other transactional e-mails and notifications about major changes to the NYT Services and/or to our Privacy Policy . If you have registered for online discussions or other services , you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities . E-Mail Newsletters . The New York Times offers several e-mail newsletters . If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter . To manage your NYTimes.com e-mail preferences , please click here . Promotional E-Mail . The New York Times may periodically e-mail you messages about products and services that we think may be of interest to you . You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out . From time to time , The New York Times may obtain e-mail addresses from third party sources to be used for promotional e-mails . You can choose not to receive messages in the future by either ( 1 ) following the " unsubscribe " instructions located near the bottom of each e-mail , or ( 2 ) you can opt-out . Survey E-Mail . We may send you an e-mail inviting you to participate in user surveys , asking for feedback on NYTimes.com and existing or prospective products and services , as well as information to better understand our users . User surveys greatly help us to improve the NYT Services , and any information we obtain in such surveys will not be shared with third parties , except in aggregate form . HTML E-Mail . When you sign up to receive e-mail from us , you can select either plain text or HTML ( with images ) format . If you select the HTML format , we may place a one-pixel gif to determine whether or not readers viewed the e-mail . This process does not leave any information on your computer , nor does it collect information from your computer . The New York Times may share this data with others in aggregate only . E-Mails From You . If you send us e-mails , you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others . We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails . We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments . E-Mail This Article Feature . NYTimes.com readers may use this feature to e-mail links to articles ( or other content such as slideshows ) . The e-mail addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to e-mail ; these addresses are not used for any other purpose , and will not be shared with any third parties . The New York Times Home Delivery Web Account . You may update and/or edit your Home Delivery account information online at the Home Delivery Web site by clicking on the link for Update Account . Should you require assistance , please call our toll free number , 1-800-NYTIMES . Manage Your NYTimes.com Account in the My Account Area . You may review and update your NYTimes.com membership or account information and access your transaction history in the My Account area . There are a number of things you can do in the My Account area to ensure your personal information is accurate and up to date . For one , you can update the information you provided during the free registration process . The E-mail Preferences tab is the place to go to sign up for our e-mail newsletters and manage your delivery options . To gain access to the areas of the My Account area containing personal information , you will be asked to re-enter your password . If you do not remember your password , you can reset your password here . If you need further assistance , please contact Customer Service . Manage Your New York Times Online Store Account . Manage and update your account by logging in at www.nytstore.com . Simply click on the " My Account " section at the top of the navigational bar and proceed to " Edit Profile " . You may securely update your shipping information , e-mail address and password registered to the account . Should you require assistance , please call us at 800-671-4332 . Manage Your New York Times Events Account . Events include TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show . To subscribe or unsubscribe from The New York Times Events e-mail newsletter , please visit www.nytimes.com/events . Enter your e-mail address in the field provided , select " unsubscribe " and click " submit. "  E-Mail Promotions If , at any time , you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing information from us , simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each e-mail , or : 1 . Click here to remove your e-mail address from any future promotional e-mail campaigns originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department and its third party affiliates . 2 . Click here to manage your e-mail subscriptions from NYTimes.com . These include Today 's Headlines , Ticketwatch , DealBook , Sophisticated Shopper , Movies Update , etc . 3 . Click here to log in to your New York Times Online Store account and then click the Unsubscribe From Newsletter button . 4 . Click here to manage your subscription to The New York Times Events Newsletter ( TimesTalks , Great Read in the Park , Arts and Leisure Weekend , Sunday with The Magazine , The New York Times Travel Show ) . If you experience difficulty with the unsubscribe process , feel free to contact us at feedback @ nytimes.com and provide your e-mail address along with the name of the newsletter from which you would like to unsubscribe . Mail or Telephone Promotions If , at any time , you prefer not to receive mail or telephone solicitations originated by The New York Times Home Delivery Department , or if you prefer that we do not share this information with third parties for marketing purposes , please e-mail us at opt-out @ nytimes.com or write to us at Customer Care , P.O . Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 . If you are a current newspaper subscriber , please remember to include your account number and phone number in the body of your e-mail or letter , and if you choose to opt-out via e-mail , please put " Opt-out " in the subject line . To prevent unauthorized access , maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information , we have put in place commercially reasonable physical , technical and administrative controls to protect the information . Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure . OTHER INFORMATION We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the NYT Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions ) . COPPA Compliance . Except for The Learning Network ( see below ) , The New York Times does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13 . The Learning Network . The Learning Network is a free service for parents , teachers and students , and does not require registration . The Student Connections section is specifically directed at students , grades 6 to 12 . Within this section , the Ask a Reporter page and the Student Letters page allow students to either send a question to a Times reporter or submit a letter to the editor , providing their first name , grade , state/country and , optionally , their e-mail address . The information requested on these pages is used solely for participation in these activities , and is not shared or sold to third parties . If an e-mail address is provided , it will only be used for a one-time response back to the child . After responding to the child , the e-mail address is deleted . Access to the above services is not conditioned on more information than is reasonably necessary to provide the services . Because we 're concerned about a parent 's right to consent to the collection and use of their child 's personal information , when a question or letter is published , only the student 's first name , grade and state/country appear on the site . To request removal of this information ( non-personally identifiable ) or to review or remove the optional e-mail address ( personal information collected ) , please use this form to contact the Learning Network . These children 's guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established . Accordingly , guidelines are subject to change . In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page . If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children 's personal information , the changes will be posted on this page thirty days prior to taking effect and will not affect children 's personal information previously collected . For any questions concerning The Learning Network , please contact Katherine Schulten , NYTimes.com , 620 Eighth Avenue , 9th floor , New York , NY 10018 . Telephone : ( 212 ) 556-8391 . Under the California Shine The Light law , California residents may opt-out of the NYT 's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . As detailed above , you may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to Customer Care , P.O . Box 8041 , Davenport , IA 52808-8041 or by e-mailing us at opt-out @ nytimes.com . It is important to note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes . This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time . Any such changes will be posted on this page . If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information , the change will be posted on this page thirty ( 30 ) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail . 
Privacy Policy Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions ) There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content . When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier . As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy . Our Privacy Policy explains :  What information we collect and why we collect it . How we use that information . The choices we offer , including how to access and update information . We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first . Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page . Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online . We collect information in two ways :  Information you give us . For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account . When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card . If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo . Information we get from your use of our services . We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content . This information includes :  Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) . Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account . Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs . This may include :  details of how you used our service , such as your search queries . telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls . Internet protocol address . device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL. cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account . Location information When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device . We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers . Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number . This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates . Local storage We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches . Cookies and anonymous identifiers We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device . We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites . How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users . We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads . We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account . In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services . If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo . When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing . We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements . We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services . For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer . When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health . We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know . We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent . We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy . Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world . We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live . Transparency and choice People have different privacy concerns . Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used . For example , you can :  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard . View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings . You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here . Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals . Control who you share information with . Take information out of many of our services . You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us . However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled . For example , we may not remember your language preferences . Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others . Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google . Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content . Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information . If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes . When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) . Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort . We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction . Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems . Information we share We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :  With your consent We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so . We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) . Your domain administrator may be able to :  view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install . change your account password . suspend or terminate your account access . access or retain information stored as part of your account . receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings . Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information . For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :  meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations . detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law . We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers , advertisers or connected sites . For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services . If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold . In particular :  We encrypt many of our services using SSL . We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome . We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems . We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations . Application Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy . Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services . Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads . Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy . We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks . When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up . We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly . Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent . We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) . We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review . Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :  Chrome and Chrome OS Books Wallet Fiber 
Privacy policy Share 62 inShare 0 Email theguardian.com , Saturday 23 July 2011 18.00 BST This is the main privacy policy for theguardian.com and for certain services provided through these and other Guardian websites and applications ( " our sites " ) by Guardian News & Media Limited , and Guardian News & Media LLC ( " GNM " ) . If you use GuardianWitness , please read the GuardianWitness privacy policy . At GNM we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons : 1 . To provide personalised services unique to individual users . 2 . To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer 3 . To sell advertising space on the site . This helps us to keep the site free for people who visit it . 4 . If we have permission from the user , to market services to them . There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services we provide . Please read these when you register or subscribe for these services on these sites . Please follow the links below for further information . Our principles How we use your information Using information about children Updating your personal information Who we share information with Use of cookies About our advertising Legal information and how to contact us Changes to the privacy policy 1 We do our very best to protect your privacy by using security technology appropriately . This means : - we make sure that we have appropriate security measures to protect your information ; and - we make sure that when we ask another organization to provide a service for us , they have appropriate security measures . 2 We will respect your privacy . You should receive marketing emails only from us and , if you agree , from other organisations we have carefully chosen . We will make sure it is clear when you can make these choices , for example , we have boxes you need to tick if you want to receive marketing . However , we may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration , your subscription account or postings , for example , with reminders , warnings or copyright requests . 3 . We will collect and use individual user details only if we have your permission or we have sensible business reasons for doing so , such as collecting enough information to manage subscriptions . 4 We will be clear in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect and how we will use it . 5 We will use personal information only for the purposes for which it was originally collected and we will make sure we delete it securely . 6 Our site is accessible via the internet . This means that people around the world who access our website can see anything you post on the website , for example , comments about an article . 7 If we or our service providers transfer any information out of the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , it will only be done with the relevant protection ( stated under UK law ) being in place . What information do we collect ? We collect information on you : when you register when you use the website through cookies if you choose to reveal information in postings , and when you enter sales promotions and competitions . Certain services that we provide may involve us collecting extra information , such as where you are , so the service can be provided as designed . In particular , this may apply to certain apps that you download , or which we provide . Registration The minimum information we need to register you is your email address and a password . We will ask you more questions for different services , including sales promotions . Unless we say otherwise , you have to answer all the registration questions . We may also ask some other , voluntary questions during registration for certain services ( for example , professional networks ) so we can gain a clearer understanding of who you are . This also allows us to personalize services for you . After you have registered , we may send you emails we think may interest you . At any time you can decide not to receive these emails and will be able to ' unsubscribe ' . Logging in using social networking credentials If you log-in to our sites using a Facebook log-in , you are granting permission to Facebook to share your user details with us . This will include your name , email address , date of birth and location which will then be used to form a Guardian identity . You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile . This will also allow us and Facebook to share your,networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Facebook account settings . If you remove the Guardian app from your Facebook settings , we will no longer have access to this information . If you log-in to our sites using a Google log-in , you grant permission to Google to share your user details with us . This will include your name , email address , date of birth , sex and location which we will then use to form a Guardian identity . You may use your picture from Google as part of your profile . This also allows us to share your networks , user ID and any other information you choose to share according to your Google account settings . If you remove the Guardian from your Google settings , we will no longer have access to this information . If you log-in to our sites using a twitter log-in , we receive your avatar ( the small picture that appears next to your tweets ) and twitter username . Use of children 's data Except for children 's books , we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 . ' Children 's books ' is a service for children . However , they need parental permission to join . We do not display personal information about children on the site , and we read through all contributions before they are published . For any questions about children 's books , please contact : Children 's books , Guardian News and Media , 90 York Way , London , N1 9GU or email childrens.books @ theguardian.com . We offer a ' My details ' page ( also known as Dashboard ) , where you can update your personal information at any time , and change your marketing preferences . You can get to this page from most pages on the site simply click on the ' My details ' link at the top of the screen when you are signed in . Who we share data with We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your permission . If we have your permission , we will share your information only with other organisations we have chosen carefully . We may make other organisations ' services available , such as Guardian Garden Centre or Guardian Bookshop , through our sites , although we are not necessarily operating these sites . We process any information which we collect when you access a service provided by another organisation under this privacy policy . Information these other organisations collect is governed by their own privacy policies . We can access and release personal information to keep to relevant laws and government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both us and our users . Any other organisations who access your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by strict contractual restrictions to make sure that they protect your information and keep to data-protection and privacy laws which apply . We may also independently audit these service providers to make sure that they meet our standards . We may use service providers to help us run these sites ( or services available on the sites ) , some of whom may be based outside the EEA . Some of our webpages use plug-ins from other organisations ( such as the ' Facebook Recommend ' function ) . These other organisations may use information about your visit to our websites on their pages . If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us , information they collect may be connected to your account on their site . For more information on how these organisations use information , please read their privacy policies . We use cookies for a number of reasons . 1 For statistical purposes to track how many users we have and how often they visit our websites . We collect information listing which of our pages are most frequently visited , and by which types of users and from which countries . 2 We use other organisations to collect anonymous user information , sometimes through cookies and web beacons , ( information embedded in images which allow them to analyse how the website is being used and the number of visitors ) . Click here to learn more about how we use these services to collect and use information on guardian.co.uk , guardiannews.com and m.guardian.co.uk . 3 We and other advertisers may use statistical cookies to track who has seen an advert and clicked on it . You can find more information on this in the online behavioural advertising section of this privacy policy . 4 Placing cookies on your computer means we can show you adverts that you might be interested in , and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has been . Advertising helps us to keep the site free for you to use . You can find more information on this in the Online Behavioural Advertising section of this privacy policy , including how you can ' opt out ' . 5 We may use ' Flash ' cookies to store your preferences for your media player ( for example , volume and so on ) . If we do n't use them , you may not be able to watch some video content . You can turn cookies off but if you do this , you may not be able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other advertising . This is because we wo n't be able to limit what you see by using cookies . However , you will still be able to see our editorial content . 6 We or other companies may use cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you . For more information about cookies and managing them , including how to turn them off , please visit our page on Cookies . By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described . In late 2005 we launched a new advertising service called online behavioural advertising ( OBA ) . OBA allows us to deliver targeted advertising to people who visit our website . It works by showing you adverts that are based on your browsing patterns and the way you have interacted with our site . It then shows you adverts which we believe may interest you . As you browse our sites , some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies , so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in We can then display advertising on your browser that is based on these perceived interests . For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles , you may be shown more adverts for food and drink . It is important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we use will collect information such as your name , email address , postal address or phone number . We may also share anonymised behavioural data with advertising partners . This may mean that when you are on other websites , you will be shown advertising based on your behaviour on theguardian.com . We may also show you advertising on our site based on your behaviour on other sites . Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA that allows us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your browsing patterns and interactions with a site away from our sites . For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothes shop , you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing . This allows companies to advertise to you if you leave their website without making a purchase . The privacy policy of criteo , one of the partners that we work with for behavioural retargeting is shown here . criteo.com/en/privacy-policy . If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising , this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using our sites . It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised for you . If you would like more information about OBA and how to opt out of it , please visit youronlinechoices.com or networkadvertising.org ( if accessing from the US. )  Please visit audiencescience.com/privacy.asp , quantcast.com/privacy and flurry.com/privacy-policy.html for the privacy policy of our online behavioural targeting technology providers . Advertising on mobile devices may require the collection and sharing of the unique device ID with companies who purchase advertising space on the mobile application . Other Advertising Our sites contain links to other websites from which we may earn revenue . Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' , ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' . Legal information and how to contact us Under the UK Data Protection Act 1998 we have to say who the ' data controller ' is for theguardian.com and services provided through our websites . The data controller is the organisation responsible for protecting information and , in our case , is Guardian News & Media Limited , King 's Place , 90 York Way , London N1 9GU . If you would like a copy of the personal information we hold about you , or have any questions about how we may use it , please contact the Data Protection Manager at the address shown above . Or , email dataprotection @ theguardian.com . If you have a dispute with us Our American office , Guardian News and Media LLC takes part in the EU Safe Harbor Privacy Framework as set out by the United States Department of Commerce . As part of our involvement in the safe harbor , we have agreed to using TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to whether we have kept to our Safe Harbor Privacy Framework . If you have any complaints about whether we have kept to it , you should first contact us ( using the contact details provided above ) . For information about the Safe Harbor Framework click here If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe , by fax to 415-520-3420 , or by mail to Watchdog Complaints , TRUSTe , 55 2nd Street , 2nd Floor , San Francisco , CA , USA 94105 . If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company . For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above . The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English . Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here . Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details . Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes . Changes to this policy by date November 2004 : cookie information moved to separate page ; Data Protection Commissioner changed to Information Commissioner ; legal information under the Data Protection Act added . May 2008 : principles updated to provide more detail on protections and limits on data usage and confirmation about the use of data processors ; contact details updated . August 2009 : contact details updated , useful links updated , some headings added and a new section headed " advertising and affiliate links " added . July 2011 : Principles updated to include further information on marketing preferences , contact details , further information provided about online behavioural advertising , cookies , and the ' Who we share data with ' section has been updated . September 2011 : Websites covered expanded to include guardiannews.com , information on use of children 's data added . October 2011 : Information on plugins and dispute resolution for Guardian News & Media LLC added . February 2012 : Additional provision included in ' How we use your information ' to address certain data that we may collect , especially in the context of certain Apps and geographical location data . April 2012 : Information on logging onto our sites using social networking log-ins as a means of authentication . February 2013 : Applicability of policy to other websites and applications added . May 2013 : Information on mobile device advertising added . July 2013 : References to guardian.co.uk and guardiannews.com replaced with references to theguardian.com . August 2013 : Policy reviewed by the Plain English Campaign and awarded Crystal Mark . 
Revised and posted as of : July 17 , 2013 Forbes.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online . Please read the following statement to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Forbes.com website and services . The Forbes.com website is owned and operated by Forbes.com LLC . Forbes has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us by email at privacy @ forbes.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Forbes complies with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Forbes has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Forbes ' certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the site . Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website and the web . We use aggregated ( gathered up data across all user accounts ) information to develop content targeted to users ' interests and to better the website user experience . Forbes.com is committed to your privacy and other than as provided herein or after receiving your specific consent , Forbes.com will not share any personal information with any third party at any time , unless required by law . This privacy policy covers the website and activities of Forbes.com . Other Forbes Digital sites linked to from this website have their own privacy statements which can be viewed on those sites . Please be aware that Forbes.com sponsors , advertisers and partners or affiliates with co-branded modules or sections on Forbes.com may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website . The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us . Forbes.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others . We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums . To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum , contact us at privacy @ forbes.com . In some cases , we may not be able to remove your personal information , in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why . Voluntary Submission Forbes.com does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Forbes.com website user except when knowingly provided by such individual . For example , we may ask you for information , such as your e-mail address when you register to become a member of Forbes.com . You may also provide information to Forbes.com in other contexts , including , for example , on your member profile page and public profile URL or to enter into a sweepstakes or promotion . In the event you order something from Forbes.com or one of our co-branded websites , we may request additional personal information , such as your address , telephone number and credit card information , in order to complete the purchase . We also supplement the data you provide to us with data from data append services . You always have the option not to provide the information we request . If you choose not to provide the information we request , you can still visit most of the Forbes.com website , but you may be unable to access certain options and services . When you register or become a member of Forbes.com or provide information to Forbes.com in any other manner , you agree to provide only true , accurate , current and complete information . Cookies A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer 's hard drive by your web browser . A cookie file can contain information , such as a user identification code , that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited . Forbes.com uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout Forbes.com and its affiliate websites and to remember your custom video playlists , preferences , job title , story ratings ( if you have provided any ) , and membership status so that you do n't have to login each time you visit the website . The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying ( PII ) and non-personally identifying ( non-PII ) information . We also use browser plug-in cookies on our site , including Flash cookies , also known as " local shared objects , " to perform similar functions as browser cookies . Like normal browser cookies , these cookies are represented as small files stored on your computer . One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at macromedia.com . Business partners of Forbes.com , vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com , third party analytics providers , as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser . We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain . If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies placed by these companies , please click here . Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie , choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies . However , if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website , you may not be able to use certain features of the site . To learn more about the use of cookies in online advertising including how to manage or delete them click here . Web Beacons We use web beacons ( invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs ) on our sites in order to recognize users , assess traffic patterns , identify preferred content and measure site engagement . We also include web beacons in our e-mail messages , including newsletters , in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened . Forbes.com also uses a reputable third party to collect information , including through the use of web beacons , browser cookies and other tracking technologies . We may collect via web beacons various data provided by your browser while you are on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party . This data is collected in the aggregate , but may include or be associated with other non-PII or PII that users have voluntarily submitted . Log Files Forbes.com web and ad servers log information about a site user 's IP address , browser type and the current URL the user is requesting . This information is always provided by each and every user 's browser . These log files are stored in a secure location and used -- in an aggregated , anonymous manner -- in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website . This information is automatically logged by most websites . Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website . To Target Content and Advertising To develop and provide content and advertising to you that is targeted to your interests , we use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas . We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser provided data to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a 3rd party . We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising . To Provide Interactive Communications From Forbes.com To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications , such as notifications of activity by topic or contributor to the e-mail address that you provide to us . Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile . From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features , promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile . To Provide Communications From Third Parties We respect the privacy of our users and shall not disclose or distribute our user list to any third party , nor shall we permit anyone else to do so . However , we do make available for rental our list of those registrants who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive third party offers as part of their user profile . In those cases , your e-mail address will be transferred to the third party . Control of Your Information Registered users may change the information stored in their member profile such as image , full name , e-mail address , password , location , country and the topics and contributors they are following , and they may elect to stop receiving marketing material from Forbes.com or on behalf of external third party business partners . Users may choose to stop receiving such communications at any time by visiting their member profile page at http : //blogs.forbes.com/account/ , or by following instructions at the end of any such e-mail received . You may also request to delete your personal account if you wish to do so . Please email us at the contact information included below . We will respond to your request within 30 business days . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Sharing of Information When you are on an area of Forbes.com and are asked for personal information , you are sharing that information with Forbes.com as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for Forbes.com . We use third parties to provide credit card processing , e-mail service providers and hosting services on our site . When you sign up for such services , we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service . These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose . If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service . In addition , if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion , please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser . From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site . If you participate , we will request certain personally identifiable information from you , such as your name and e-mail . Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information . We use this personally identifiable information to notify contest winners and award prizes . We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests ; that company will be prohibited from using our users ' personally identifiable information for any other purpose . We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice . You can log in to our site using sign-in services that bridge your social media login information with Forbes.com . These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form . These services give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network . Our website includes social media features , widgets and/or interactive mini-programs that run on our site . These features are small content modules that users can embed on sites and may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , or set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly . Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website . Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . We offer widgets that are hosted on Forbes.com , like our embeddable video player . Use of the Forbes.com widgets is subject to the Forbes.com terms of use , but downloading or embedding these widgets on other websites is not covered by this privacy statement . Aggregate , Anonymous Information With Advertisers Forbes.com derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users . In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated , anonymous information that we gather ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience . We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties . We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites . Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests . If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads , you may opt-out by clicking here . Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising . You will continue to receive generic ads . As Necessary to Provide Services to You We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf , such as handling the processing and delivery of newsletter mailings , processing transactions , or performing statistical analysis of our services . We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service . In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you . In these cases , you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider . In all cases , these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose . In The Event of Sale or Bankruptcy The ownership of Forbes.com may change at some point in the future . Should that occur , we want this site to be able to maintain a relationship with you . In the event of a sale , merger , public offering , bankruptcy or other change in control of Forbes.com LLC and/or Forbes.com your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this site . Opting out of receiving information from third parties will not affect our right to transfer your information to a new owner , but your choices will continue to be respected regarding the use of your information . You will be notified as described below in " How will I know if the Privacy Policy is changed. "  As Required By Law Forbes.com may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order or legal process served on Forbes.com or to protect and defend the rights or property of Forbes.com . Your information is stored on Forbes.com 's servers located in the United States . We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy , including encryption , " firewalls " and the Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access . We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company . However , " perfect security " does not exist on the Internet . Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us -- including information such as your name , address , or e-mail address . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible . If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement , please feel free to contact us by e-mail at privacy @ forbes.com . We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one . Our mailing address is Forbes.com LLC , Customer Service , 60 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 . If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . 
Privacy Policy Effective as of July 1 , 2013 Introduction Collection of Information Use and Disclosure Security User Access and Control Other Important Information Contact Us Fox News Network , LLC ( " Fox News " or " we " ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , and widgets ( collectively , the " Fox News Services " ) . By using Fox News Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . As set forth in our Terms of Use , the Fox News Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the Fox News Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Fox News Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to a Fox News Service . This Privacy Policy applies to Fox News 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) . It also describes generally Fox News 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) . Fox News and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for a Fox News Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes . Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday . Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the Fox News Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture . Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines . Information from Social Media . If you access or log-in to a Fox News Service through a social media service or connect a Fox News Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the Fox News Services through social media services or when you connect a Fox News Service to social media services , you are authorizing Fox News to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Activity Information . When you access and interact with the Fox News Services , we may collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the Fox News Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the Fox News Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier . Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service . These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Fox News Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . If Fox News wishes to combine your personal information with information we obtain through these technologies in order to determine what messages Fox News provides to you , we will obtain your express affirmative consent . Third parties that support the Fox News Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Fox News Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . Fox News does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the Fox News Services . Information from Other Sources . We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our Fox News Affiliates or business partners . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Fox News Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those Fox News Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Fox News Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content and to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries . When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties . We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Fox News Services . Fox News may make your information available to certain third party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the Fox News Services . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with Fox News Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Fox News Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your Fox News Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Fox News Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Fox News Services . To deliver relevant advertisements . Fox News and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Fox News Services or another service . As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests . To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to www.aboutads.info/choices . To opt out of this type of advertising from Outbrain Inc , visit Outbrain 's website at http : //www.outbrain.com/privacy . To contact you . Fox News may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Fox News Services . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials , you can follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the Fox News Services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . To share with our Fox News Affiliates . Fox News may share your information with Fox News Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Users who visit Affiliated Companies ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . To share with business partners . Fox News may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices . To protect the rights of Fox News and others . There may be instances when Fox News may disclose your information , including situations where Fox News has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Fox News , our Fox News Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the Fox News Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If Fox News sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Fox News may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . Fox News uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us as outlined in Section 7 . In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable . We give you many choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes . You may opt-out from :  Receiving electronic communications from us : If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis , you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email . Cancelling your account . To cancel your account , email mailto : deleteaccount @ foxnews.com , subject , " Delete My Account " and include the email address that you registered your account with ( if different from the email address you 're sending the email from ) . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances - where , for example , you have shared information with a third-party application or web site . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others , and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines . Updates to Privacy Policy . Fox News may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Fox News Services . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information . Location of Data . The Fox News Services are hosted in and managed from the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Services . The Fox News Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies . Fox News is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the Fox News Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . Data Retention . We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements . Sensitive Information . We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the Fox News Services or otherwise . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : ldepartment @ foxnews.com Mail : Fox News Network , LLC 1211 Avenue of the Americas , 15th Floor New York , NY 10036 Attention : Legal Department 
This privacy policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by Times Internet Limited and/or its subsidiary ( ies ) and/or affiliate ( s ) ( collectively referred to as the Company ) , which operates various websites and other services including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise ( collectively the " Services " ) . This privacy policy forms part and parcel of the Terms of Use for the Services . Capitalized terms which have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the Terms of Use . As we update , improve and expand the Services , this policy may change , so please refer back to it periodically . By accessing the Company website or this Application or otherwise using the Services , you consent to collection , storage , and use of the personal information you provide ( including any changes thereto as provided by you ) for any of the services that we offer . The Company respects the privacy of the users of the Services and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects . The information about the user as collected by the Company is : ( a ) information supplied by users and ( b ) information automatically tracked while navigation ( c ) information collected from any other source ( collectively referred to as Information ) . A. INFORMATION SUPPLIED BY USERS Registration data : When you register on the website , Application and for the Service , we ask that you provide basic contact Information such as your name , sex , age , address , pin code , contact number , occupation , interests and email address etc . When you register using your other accounts like on Facebook , Twitter , Gmail etc. we shall retrieve Information from such account to continue to interact with you and to continue providing the Services . Subscription or paid service data : When you chose any subscription or paid service , we or our payment gateway provider may collect your purchase , address or billing information , including your credit card number and expiration date etc . However when you order using an in-app purchase option , same are handled by such platform providers . The subscriptions or paid Services may be on auto renewal mode unless cancelled . If at any point you do not wish to auto-renew your subscription , you may cancel your subscription before the end of the subscription term . Voluntary information : We may collect additional information at other times , including but not limited to , when you provide feedback , change your content or email preferences , respond to a survey , or communicate with us . B. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED/ TRACKED WHILE NAVIGATION Cookies To improve the responsiveness of the Application for our users , we may use " cookies " , or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique , random number as a User Identification ( User ID ) to understand the user 's individual interests using the identified computer . Unless you voluntarily identify yourself ( through registration , for example ) , we will have no way of knowing who you are , even if we assign a cookie to your computer . The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply . A cookie can not read data off your hard drive . Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser ( if you click on their ads ) , a process that we do not control . We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website , Application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc . Log File Information We automatically collect limited information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , mobile number , including your IP address , when you visit our site , application or service . Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the pages you view . We automatically receive and log information from your browser , including your IP address , your computer 's name , your operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed . We may also collect log information from your device , including your location , IP address , your device 's name , device 's serial number or unique identification number ( e.g ..  UDiD on your iOS device ) , your device operating system , browser type and version , CPU speed , and connection speed etc . Clear GIFs We may use " clear GIFs " ( Web Beacons ) to track the online usage patterns of our users in a anonymous manner , without personally identifying the user . We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients . We use this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon request , to tailor our Site , Application or Service to the interests of our users , to measure traffic within our Application to improve the Application quality , functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come . Information from other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources , add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy . If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner , whom we provide services , your account information and order information may be passed on to us . We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you Demographic and purchase information : We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions . We use Google Analytics , among others , to track the user behaviour on our website . Google Analytics specifically has been enable to support display advertising towards helping us gain understanding of our users ' Demographics and Interests . The reports are anonymous and can not be associated with any individual personally identifiable information that you may have shared with us . You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google . The Application may include links to other websites or applications . Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies , which are beyond our control . Once you leave our servers ( you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser ) , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the application , you are visiting . That policy may differ from ours . If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the application 's homepage , you should contact the application owners directly for more information . When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) about your visits to this and other websites or application , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent . The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve the Services and provide you the most user-friendly experience . In some cases/provision of certain service ( s ) or utility ( ies ) , we may require your contact address as well . All required information is service dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to , maintain , protect , and improve the Services ( including advertising on the Application ) and for developing new services . We may also use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent [ with an option to subscribe / unsubscribe ( where feasible ) ] . We may , however , use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes ( such as notifying you of major changes , for customer service purposes , billing , etc. ) . Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments , messages , blogs , scribbles available on social platforms like facebook , twitter etc . Any posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by users on the public sections of the Application becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy . In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Application , we may not be able to provide certain services on the Application to you . We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account . In any case , we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information . When you register with the Application or Services , we contact you from time to time about updation of your personal information to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit / interest you . The Company shares your information with any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances : a ) When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose , for the purpose of verification of identity , or for the prevention , detection , investigation including cyber incidents , or for prosecution and punishment of offences . These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations . b ) The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf . We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . c ) The Company may present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site . d ) The Company may share your information regarding your activities on websites or Applications with third party social websites to populate your social wall that is visible to other people however you will have an option to set your privacy settings , where you can decide what you would like to share or not to share with others . When you use the Services Site ( or any of its sub sites ) , we make good faith efforts to provide you , as and when requested by you , with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible , subject to any requirement for such personal information or sensitive personal data or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes . We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed , corrected or removed before processing such requests , and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic , require disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) , or for which access is not otherwise required . In any case , where we provide information access and correction , we perform this service free of charge , except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort . Because of the way we maintain certain services , after you delete your information , residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems . We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of data . These include internal reviews of our data collection , storage and processing practices and security measures , including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data . All information gathered on TIL is securely stored within the Company controlled database . The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall ; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited . However , as effective as our security measures are , no security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet . And , of course , any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit or use our website , mobile application or services . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits or use to particular website , mobile application or services , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . The internet is an ever evolving medium . We may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology , applicable law or any other variant . In any case , we reserve the right to change ( at any point of time ) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use . Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice , which we may give by posting the new policy on the Application . Your use of the Application or Services after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes . We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail . In any case , you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the Application ) to ensure that you are aware of the latest version . Redressal Mechanism : Any complaints , abuse or concerns with regards to the processing of information provided by you or breach of these terms shall be immediately informed to the designated Grievance Officer as mentioned below via in writing or through email signed with the electronic signature to grievance.it @ timesinternet.in or Mr. Anand Vaishnav ( Grievance Officer )  Mr. Anand Vaishnav Grievance Officer ( Indiatimes.com ) Times Internet Limited 4th Floor , MPD Tower , DLF City Phase V , Opposite DLF Golf Course Gurgaon , Haryana 122002 , India Ph : 0124-4187000 We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint : - a ) Identification of the information provided by you ; b ) Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information ; c ) Your address , telephone number or e-mail address ; d ) A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization , as the case may be ; e ) A statement , under penalty of perjury , that the information in the notice is accurate , and that the information being complained about belongs to you ; f ) You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above . The company shall not be responsible for any communication , if addressed , to any non-designated person in this regard . 
Please note that the practices of Shutterstock , Inc . ( " Shutterstock " ) , with respect to personal information , are now governed by this Privacy Policy as same may be amended from time to time . We encourage visitors to and users of our site to regularly review our Privacy Policy . To update your information and preferences , see the section entitled " Updating/Deleting Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. "  SHUTTERSTOCK is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program . TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user 's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices . This Privacy Policy covers the site , www.shutterstock.com ( the " Site " ) . Because the Site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy , it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe . Shutterstock complies with the E.U . Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union . If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy , you should first contact privacy @ shutterstock.com . If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed within 30 days of your first correspondence , you should contact TRUSTe at http : //www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with Shutterstock to resolve your concerns . All " Personal Information " ( " Personal Information " is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify , contact , or locate the person to whom such information pertains ) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy , as amended from time to time . Shutterstock reserves the right to amend the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice on the home page of the Site when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy . If as the result of such changes , you want to alter the ways in which Shutterstock is allowed to use your Personal Information , you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled " Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences. "  You will be deemed to have been made aware of , and will be subject to , any material changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception : If at the time you provide Personal Information to Shutterstock you are given the opportunity ( as you currently are ) to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you , either by Shutterstock or by third parties , Shutterstock will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent . However , if Shutterstock is acquired by or merged with another entity , Shutterstock may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without your consent , but Shutterstock will provide notice of such asset sales , acquisitions , or mergers on this Site . Personal Information on this Site is collected by Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA and its telephone number is 1-866-663-3954 . You have the right to access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences at any time . This may be accomplished by clicking on the link , " My Account " , where you can view and make changes to most of your Personal Information immediately . If you are a contributor , you can change your profile here . For security purposes certain Personal Information can only be changed by contacting support by email . As a visitor to the Site , you can engage in many activities without providing any Personal Information . However , when you order products or services as a Shutterstock subscriber , we may collect the following Personal Information from you :  Contact information such as your name , phone and fax numbers , address and email address ; and Billing information such as the number , expiration date , card type and billing address of your credit card ; and Demographic information such as your job title , job description and company name and company type . If you submit content to Shutterstock for licensing , you may be asked to provide the following information :  Contact information such as your name , phone number , primary address , and email address . Shutterstock will verify this information by asking you to either : a ) upload a scan of a government issued ID ( which will be stored on our servers ) ; or b ) provide a credit card number . Your credit card number will be used solely for the purpose of verifying your name and address . The credit card number will not be stored . Payment and contributor information including , but not limited to , payout method , payout email , desired display name , skill level , content focus , etc . Depending upon the activity , some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary . If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity , you will not be able to engage in that activity . As is true of most websites , when you use the Site , Shutterstock or third parties authorized by Shutterstock may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services . For example , we may log environmental variables , such as browser type , operating system , CPU speed , and the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of your computer . We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services . Shutterstock also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site . To better understand the needs of our visitors to the Site we may occasionally match such information with your Personal Information . In order to reduce errors in our database , authenticate our users , and prevent abuse of our system , we may on occasion supplement the Personal Information you submit to us with information from third-party sources . For example , we may supplement your contact information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database . As permissible , we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information ( such as age or interest in photography ) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you . Shutterstock uses one or more outside credit card processing companies to bill you for our goods and services . To the best of our knowledge , these companies do not retain , share , store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose . We also share Personal Information with certain companies that perform services on our behalf . We only share the Personal Information which is necessary for them to perform those services . We require any company with which we may share Personal Information to protect that data in a manner consistent with this policy and to limit the use of such Personal Information to the performance of services for Shutterstock . We do not sell or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services . We do not sell , rent or share your personally identifiable information to or with third parties in any way other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy . Shutterstock collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select . Shutterstock or one of our trusted partners may use this information to :  Process your financial transactions . Send you order / renewal confirmations . Register your rights , if any , to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users . Respond to customer service requests , questions and concerns . Administer your account . Send you requested product or service information . Keep you informed about special offers and services of Shutterstock and selected third parties . Administer promotions and sweepstakes you enter and notify you of the results . Investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities and/or violations of our Terms of Service . Meet our research and product/service development needs and to improve our Site , services and offerings ; and Customize your experience , including targeting our services and offerings to you . We store information that we collect through cookies , log files , transparent images , and/or third party sources to create a summary of your preferences . We tie your personally identifiable information , and/or your membership usage history , to information in the summary , in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers , to improve the content of the site for you and/or to determine your preferences . We further reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law ( e.g. , to comply with a subpoena , warrant , court order , or legal process served on Shutterstock ) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights , avoid litigation , protect your safety or the safety of others , investigate fraud , and/or respond to a government request . We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security , law enforcement , or other issues of public importance . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services . If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at Support @ Shutterstock.com . We will respond to your request within 30 days . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . You may " opt out " of receiving Shutterstock 's email updates , newsletters and/or partner emails by clicking on the " My Account " link on the Site and making the appropriate selections . The choice to opt out of such communications is also generally available during the sign-up process . Shutterstock will still contact you when there are changes to the Terms of Service or Submitter Terms & Conditions , as applicable . In addition , we will still send you service-related announcements including , but not limited to , a registration email , benefit notification emails , emails automatically triggered by actions you took on the Site and bill related notices . Generally , you may not opt-out of these communications , which are not promotional in nature . If you wish not to receive them , you have the option of deactivating your account The Personal Information that you provide in connection with the use of the Site is protected in several ways . Access by you to your account profile is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you . This password is encrypted . You should strive to use a strong , alpha-numeric password which you should not divulge to anyone . Your Personal Information resides on a secure server that only selected Shutterstock personnel and contractors have access to via password . Your Personal Information is encrypted whenever it is transmitted to Shutterstock . When you enter sensitive information ( such as credit card number ) on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We strive to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . While we use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . If you have any questions about security on our Web Site , you can send email to us at privacy @ shutterstock.com . The Site may automatically collect information as you browse , such as Internet Service Provider , browser type and version , operating system and device type , average time spent on our site ( s ) , pages viewed , information accessed , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet and other relevant statistics . Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data . We and our partners may use cookies and action tags to keep track of your visits , preferences and profile information . A cookie is a small , unique text file that a website can send to your computer when you visit a site . We may use session cookies , which terminate when a user closes his or her browser , and/or persistent cookies , which remain on the user 's computer until manually deleted . Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely . If you do not want us to deploy cookies to your browser , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer . Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use the Site . An action tag is similar to a cookie . Action tags help us identify and track the performance of web pages on the Site , allowing us to measure the performance and quality of the Site and to manage Site content . In addition , we may use action tags in emails . This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns by showing , for example , how many emails have been opened . Electronic tracking technologies are used to enhance your experience on the Site , including allowing you to remain logged in on the Site . Cookies and pixel tags may also be used to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information that does not identify you personally . However , we and our third party partners may use cookies to store some of your preferences ( including limited Personal Information ) or to display relevant content based upon what you view on our site . We enable you to create a profile for accessing blogs or online communities for sharing information such as messages , photos and videos . Please note that we can not control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information . Any information you post to a public bulletin board or chat room , such as the Forum For Contributors ( the " Forums " ) , is available to all persons accessing that location . Your email address will not automatically be posted on the Forums unless you modify the default setting to permit that . Your email address will then be available to all persons accessing the Forums . In addition , any information that you choose to include in your profile can be viewed by all visitors to the Forums . You can change your profile here . If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site . Shutterstock stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program . Your friend may contact support @ shutterstock.com to request that we remove this information from our database . We do not intend to solicit or collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18 . If you are under 18 , do not enter information on this site or engage our services . If you believe a child of yours under the age of 18 has entered Personal Information please contact Support @ Shutterstock.com to have the data removed . Shutterstock takes its users ' privacy concerns seriously . If you believe that Shutterstock has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information , you may contact the Privacy Officer at Shutterstock , Inc. , 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor , New York , NY 10004 , USA . In your letter please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Shutterstock Privacy Policy has not been complied with . We will investigate your complaint promptly . If you do not receive acknowledgment of your complaint or your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed , you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process . TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with this Site to resolve your concerns . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this Web site , you can contact our Privacy Officer at privacy @ shutterstock.com . Shutterstock , Inc. 60 Broad Street , 30th Floor New York , NY 10004 USA 1-866-663-3954 
NBC News , a division of NBCUniversal Media , LLC , a company incorporated under Delaware law , with its registered address at 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 , is responsible for this Website and its contents . Related NBCUniversal 's Privacy Principles NBCU respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you . This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect on this Website . ( The term personal information means information about you. )  how we may use that personal information and with whom we may share it the measures we take to protect the security of your personal information your rights and how you can contact us Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline . Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for this Website carefully . Your use of this Website signifies your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use . Advertise We may collect information when you interact with the Website , for example when you subscribe to newsletters , register for chat rooms , participate in competitions or games , purchase merchandise etc . See below for more details about what type of information we may collect from you during those interactions . 1.1 Personal Information You Provide To Us You may choose to provide personal information ( such as your name , address , telephone number or email address ) through the Website . If you choose not to provide us with your personal information , you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website ( e.g. subscribe to newsletters , enter competitions , and purchase products ) . Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests , in order to better understand your interests and improve your experience of using this Website . In order to do so , we may collect and use your personal information as follows . In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience on the Website . However , sometimes we need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to : to provide technical support ; to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities ( including copyright infringement ) ; or enforce our terms of service . If you communicate with us through the Contact Us link on the Website , we may ask you for your contact details , such as your name , email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments . You may also choose to provide additional information as well . On the Website , you may sign up to receive newsletters and other communications about our services and promotions . To sign up , we may ask you for your contact details ( such as your name and email address ) . This information is used by us to send you the communications you request Advertise Details of how you can opt-out of receiving any communications from us are detailed in the section headed Your Rights below . From time to time we may offer products or services for purchase through the Website . When you choose to purchase merchandise or subscribe for such services , we may ask you to provide your name , email address , postal address and telephone number . This information is collected for the purpose of providing you with the products/services you choose to purchase and/or subscribe for . We may also ask you to provide your credit/debit card details for this purchase , or we may direct you to a third party payment processing service ( such as PayPal ) to make payment . If we direct you to a third party payment process service we will advise you of this during the payment process , please be aware that we are not liable or responsible for such service and that your use of that service might be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the service provider . If you are a member of the media , you may join the Media section of the Website to access additional information . To sign up , we may ask you for your personal information such as your name , email address , telephone number , and company name and job title . We use this information to allow you to access additional information on the Website and to provide you with information that you may request . We may occasionally conduct contests , sweepstakes and other promotions . If you choose to enter , we may ask you for your contact details such as your name , email address , postal address and telephone number for the purpose of conducting these promotions . When you play one of our games , we may collect and store certain profile information that you provide directly or through a third party that is offering our game ( s ) . To provide a richer game and social experience , we also collect information about your play and interaction with other players and the Service . The bulk of this information is collected and stored through the use of web logs , which are files on our web servers that record actions taken on our games and the Website . In general , we collect , store and use your information to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient and customized experience in the following ways : to register your account and allow you to play our games to customise your gaming experience to administer games and improve game play to identify and suggest connections with other Website users to enable user-to-user communications to provide technical support and respond to user enquiries to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities and enforce our terms of service to notify users of in-game updates to provide in-game leader boards to communicate about our / third parties ? new and current games/products/services ( including promotional offers ) to solicit input and feedback to improve our products and services to resolve disputes , collect fees and troubleshoot problems Please be aware that our games are governed by additional terms of use posted on the site they are accessed from , and may also be governed by the terms of use , privacy policies and other guidelines of third parties ( in the case of our games that are available on third party platforms such as Facebook ) . Advertise Personal information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information . Please use caution when using these features of our Website . Please see our Terms of Use for the standards of behaviour that must be followed when using these sections of the Website . You may be able to take part in certain activities on the Website or games that give you the opportunity to communicate or share information not just with us , but also with other users of this Website . These include : participating in player forums and message boards posting public comments to other users ? profiles or game boards sending private messages or invitations to other users , either directly on the Website or to their email accounts chat with other users post photos The contents of any such private online communications may be accessed and disclosed ( i ) in response to a legal requirement such as a court order ; ( ii ) when we are required to disclose the information in response to such a legal requirement ; ( iii ) where we have a good faith belief that the Website is being used in the commission of a crime ; ( iv ) where we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency which poses a threat to the safety of you or another person ; and ( v ) when necessary either to protect our rights ( including to enforce our terms of service ) or for us to provide the service you have requested . Information collected when you register for or use our wireless applications and services via your phone or other mobile device or when such applications interact with this Website , for example , our smartphone applications . We offer Website visitors various features for their enjoyment , which we may change from time to time . We may ask you to submit certain personal information so we can provide you with these features where this is the case we will provide more detailed information about what information you need to provide and will explain how we will use it . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children . At various places on the Website or when providing other services , we may ask users for their age . By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age . We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13 . If you are between the ages of 13 and 18 , please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and obtain his or her permission before you submit or post any Personal Information , and before you use any features of this Website . Advertise It is important that you protect and maintain the security of your account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of your account . Do not disclose your password to anyone else . Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook , Twitter and Google plus ( among others ) are integrated on our Website . Where our sites contain a plug-in to a social network , these are clearly marked ( e.g. with a Facebook button ) . If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links , your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network . The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser . If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you . If you interact with a social network plug-in ( e.g. you press the Facebook Like feature , the Twitter Tweet this feature and Google plus 1+ button or equivalent ) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page , the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser . If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit our Website , there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network . If you interact with us through a social media platform , plug-in etc. then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile ( such as name , email address , photo , gender , location , the people/sites you follow etc. ) . If you do n't want the social network to collect the information about you described above , or to share it with us and other third parties , please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit our Website . As with other sites , you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser . 1.2 Information We Collect Automatically Like many companies , we use cookies or other similar technology ( including flash cookies , e-tags , cache browsers and GIFs etc ) on the Website . Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer 's hard drive when you visit certain websites . We use cookies to tell us , for example , whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest . Cookies may enhance your online experience , for example , by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , while you are visiting a particular page on this site . When you visit this site , we automatically collect certain personal information , that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single , identifiable individual . This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed . By collecting this information , we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors . We may also enter into arrangements with outside companies that possess technology that allows us to customise the advertising and marketing messages you receive on this Website . To learn more about those companies and how you can opt-out of targeted advertising on this site , please click on About our ads at the bottom of each page [ put link ] . Please note that rejecting these cookies does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements when you visit the site . Without these cookies , online advertisements you encounter will likely be less relevant to you and your interests . We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and/or connection information . During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages and page interaction information . Anonymous Data We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis . In order to better understand and serve our customers , we may conduct research based on customer demographics , interests and behaviours . Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally . We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties , including our affiliates , agents , service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising , promotional and other business purposes . A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously . Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we can not recognize you , we want you to be aware that these tools exist . Advertise This Website is operated from the United States . However , as a global company , NBCUniversal may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third party service providers internationally . Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection , NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of information protection . By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries . We may share your personal information with affiliates of NBCUniversal but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy . We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf , such as hosting websites , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing technology services , and processing payments . These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements . We have taken steps to ensure that any such third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would . Some services provided on this Website may be cobranded by NBCUniversal and another company . If you register to or use such a service , both our privacy statement and the partner 's privacy statement may be displayed or linked to at the point at which you register . If so , both NBCUniversal and the partner will receive the information you provide when you register . In addition , we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties ( including , amongst others , law enforcement agencies , government/regulatory bodies , content protection organisations ) : ( 1 ) protect our legal rights , privacy or safety , and those of our subsidiaries , affiliates , employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from government , regulatory , law enforcement or public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies , commence , participate in , or defend litigation , or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) comply with subpoenas , search warrants , the law or other legal process ; or ( 7 ) enforce our Terms of Use . We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets . If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer , you should contact the subsequent owner of the business . You will of course be informed of any such sale or transfer . The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information . These websites may operate independently from this Website . Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites . To the extent any linked websites you visit are unrelated to NBCUniversal ; we are not responsible for their content , maintenance or availability . Like many other websites , we provide other websites with and allow users to snag or place our RSS feeds , video players and other applications on websites we do not control . This Privacy Policy applies to any information we collect when you use our RSS feeds , video players and other applications , but does not apply to information separately collected by the operators of those websites or other third parties that may provide content or services to those websites . We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss , misuse or unauthorised access , disclosure , alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website . Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure . It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully . Therefore , any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk . If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us using the contact details below . Advertise We provide Website visitors with access to personal information they provide through this Website and the ability to review , update and correct it as and when necessary . Such requests may be subject to a small fee . To help protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity , such as requiring a password and user ID , before granting access to your personal information . If you have previously provided personal information to this Website to subscribe to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from this Website and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , or the other means provided to unsubscribe , or using the contact details below . If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of this Website , you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request . However , we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . If you would like to make such a request , update your marketing preferences ( including requesting being removed from our marketing list ) or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by : submitting your inquiry here ; or writing to NBC News , 30 Rockefeller Plaza , New York , New York 10112 If you choose to write , please send us a signed letter of request with your address and a copy of photo ID on which your signature appears . This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction . Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations . 8 . Updates to Our Privacy Notice . From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use . If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to , we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website . You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the internet , accessible through this Website . By continuing to use this Website following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes . If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Website . 
Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( " Dow Jones " , " us " or " we " ) want you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect from all sources including in connection with our websites , mobile sites , applications ( " apps " ) , electronic newsletters and widgets ( collectively the " Dow Jones Online Services " ) that link to this Privacy Policy . If there is a conflict between this Policy and a Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement , the Dow Jones Online Services corporate subscription agreement will take precedence . This Policy describes Dow Jones 's collection and use of users ' Personal Information . It also describes generally Dow Jones 's practices for handling Other Information ( e.g. , interests , demographics and services usage ) collected through our Dow Jones Online Services or from a third party to the extent such information is associated with a particular device , user or user account . As described more fully below , we share information with our affiliated companies ( " Dow Jones Affiliates " ) for the purposes described in this privacy policy . A list of Dow Jones Affiliates is available here . By using the Dow Jones Online Services or by providing personal information to us , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . The Dow Jones Online Services are a network of general audience sites , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14 years of age . Dow Jones and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you : Personal Information " Personal Information " is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , credit or debit card number , profile picture , or social media account ID . Personal Information from You We collect Personal Information when , for example , you register for or subscribe to certain products or services , create a profile , participate in a sweepstakes , contest or game , take a survey , visit our Dow Jones Online Services , use an interactive feature ( such as Chat or Email This ) , or participate in a community forum . Personal Information We Receive from Third Parties We may receive Personal Information about you from third parties , such as social media services , commercially available sources , Dow Jones Affiliates , business partners , and , if applicable to you , the third party provider of your subscription . The Personal Information we receive from third parties may include , for example , your name , contact information , information about your transactions , purchase history , or relationships with various product and service providers , and your use of certain applications . For example , if you access a Dow Jones Online Service through a social media service or connect a Dow Jones Online Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content the social media service has the right to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends list , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the Dow Jones Online Services through social media services or when you connect a Dow Jones Online Service to social media services , you are authorizing Dow Jones to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Other Information " Other Information " is any information that does not reveal your specific identity , such as browser information , app usage data , information collected through cookies and other technologies , demographic information , and aggregated information . Other Information You Submit We collect Other Information when you submit it to us . It may include your gender , zip code , birthday , education , occupation , financial information ( such as your income , investments , portfolio transactions and value , and other information ) , and interests . Other Information We Receive from Third Parties We may receive Other Information about you from third parties , including , for example , demographic data , information about your interests , and information about your activities on other websites Other Information We Collect Automatically When You are Online When you access and interact with our Dow Jones Online Services , we and our service providers may automatically collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the Dow Jones Online Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , potentially including your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the Dow Jones Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( " UDID " ) , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Dow Jones and our service providers also may use cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) when you visit or use the Dow Jones Online Services . Third parties that support the Dow Jones Online Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as providing users with the ability to comment on content , allowing users to share content , customizing content based on usage , or tracking aggregate site usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect Other Information . Please see the Dow Jones Cookie Policy here for more information about our use of these technologies . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information ( e.g. , http : //windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies ) . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see http : //www.adobe.com/devnet/security.edu.html . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through our Dow Jones Online Services . We use the Personal Information we collect from and about you for the purposes set forth below . Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law , then we may use and disclose it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information . We may combine Other Information with your Personal Information , and when we do , we treat the combined information as Personal Information . To improve the quality of our products and services and to personalize your experience by presenting content , products and offers tailored to you , we may also combine the Personal and Other Information we collect with information relating to your use of other Dow Jones products , services and websites . In addition , we may supplement the Personal and Other Information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from Dow Jones Affiliates or business partners . To provide and manage our services . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide our products and services and features to you , including : to process and fulfill your subscription , to send you information about your relationship or transactions with us , to measure and improve those services and features , to allow you to comment on content and participate in online games , contests , promotions or rewards programs , to provide you with customer support , including online chats , and to respond to inquiries . Some Online Services use the information we collect in site-specific ways . For example :  To provide you access through DJX . Some enterprise users have access to DJX , which allows you to sign into several Dow Jones websites with the same user ID . If you are a DJX enterprise user who previously subscribed to one or more products in the DJX suite , we may use Personal Information you provided to transition your account to a DJX subscription . If you are a new DJX enterprise subscriber , your account will be set up with a DJX user ID . Please note that all subsidiaries of Dow Jones & Company , Inc. that provide products and services included in DJX will use your Personal Information to provide those products and services . To provide you access to Collaboration Tools . Some of our Online Services contain " Collaboration Tools " that allow you to share content and communicate with other users . If you choose to use the Collaboration Tools , some of your Personal Information may be included in a directory that can be viewed and used by other users of these Collaboration Tools . To deliver relevant content and recommendations . To make your experience more interesting and personalized , we may use any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in delivering content on any of our Dow Jones Online Services . For example , if you use WSJ.com and Factiva.com , we may use your WSJ.com reading history to personalize the content delivered to you on Factiva.com . To deliver relevant online advertising . The Dow Jones Online Services and our service providers may use any of the information we collect from and about you ( in certain cases , such as with respect to financial information , only with your express permission ) to assist us in delivering relevant ads to you when you use the Dow Jones Online Services or another service provided by Dow Jones , Dow Jones Affiliates , or unaffiliated third parties . ( See Information We Collect , above , for details on the types of information we may use. )  As noted above , we may work with third party online advertising companies and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you . Information about your activities on our Dow Jones Online Services and other non-personally identifiable information about you may be used to limit the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent with your interests . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may use Personal and Other Information to facilitate your sharing of information between the Dow Jones Online Services and your social media service . To contact you . Dow Jones and Dow Jones Affiliates may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and services . To help make these promotional materials more relevant to you , we may use and combine any of the Personal and Other Information we collect to assist us in sending you promotional materials . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from us , you can change your account setting through the appropriate link on the website account services page or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notifications that you may not opt-out of , such as renewal notices and notifications of changes to Dow Jones products and services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . We may also use your information to respond to inquiries or requests you make to us . To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others . Dow Jones may use your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence . Information Made Public Through Use of Our Services and User Privacy Settings Certain features on the Dow Jones Online Services give you an opportunity to interact with us and others . These may include the Collaboration Tools , community forums , chats , submitting a letter to the editor , creating community profiles , and rating , tagging and commenting on articles . When you use these features , you should be aware that any information you submit , including your name , user name , location , email address , profile information , picture , likes , status , and comments , including any political or religious or other beliefs you express , may be publicly available to anyone , including other users , search engines , advertisers , third party application developers , and anyone else with access to the Dow Jones Online Services . We are not responsible for any information you choose to submit and make public through these interactive features . Our Disclosure of Information Dow Jones & Company , Inc. and its subsidiaries may share your Personal Information with one another , as well as with Dow Jones Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , including for each company 's marketing purposes . Please see the Introduction for more information about the companies that make up the Dow Jones subsidiaries and Dow Jones Affiliates . Users who visit Dow Jones Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . Dow Jones & Company , Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Information . In addition , we may share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy . We share your Personal Information :  To manage corporate , third-party , and student subscriptions . If your subscription is provided in whole or in part by your employer or other third party , we may notify the provider when you access or use your subscription . If you have a student subscription associated with a professor or school , we may notify your professor or school to confirm your subscription , access or use . When providing these notices , we may reveal limited amounts of your Personal Information such as your name or email address . To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing our services . We may make your Personal Information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide our products and services by , for example : developing or supporting products and features ; sending email messages on our behalf ; processing payments ; fulfilling orders ; delivering subscriptions ; auditing ; processing data or statistics ; and serving , customizing or delivering marketing or ads . These outside service providers are required to protect Personal Information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to us . To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features , such as conferences , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( " Co-Branded Services " ) . These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Dow Jones Online Services or on the third party 's service . By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party . The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy . To permit unaffiliated third parties to send you promotional materials.If you subscribe to the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal or Barron 's print publications , we may share your contact information with unaffiliated companies whose products and services may be of interest to you . While many of our subscribers appreciate receiving offerings from these companies , if you prefer that we do not share your information for this purpose , please contact Customer Service as described below in How to Access , Correct or Update Your Information . If you sign up to receive a Special Offer on the MarketWatch.com Service , Dow Jones will forward your request along with your email and Special Offer delivery information , to the company making the relevant Special Offer so that it can contact you directly . Once your information is provided to another company pursuant to your request it is not governed by this Privacy Policy . If you subscribe solely to any other Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for such parties ' own marketing purposes if you have given us permission to do so . To allow social sharing functionality.If you log in with or connect a social media service account with a Dow Jones Online Service , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other Dow Jones Online Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your Dow Jones Online Services account and your social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends , and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your Personal Information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your Dow Jones Online Services account , and do not participate in social sharing on the Dow Jones Online Services . To protect the rights of Dow Jones and others.There may be instances when Dow Jones may disclose your Personal Information , including situations where we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of Dow Jones , our Dow Jones Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of our products and services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process , including laws outside your country of residence ; or ( v ) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence . To complete a merger or sale of assets.If Dow Jones sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , Dow Jones may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . Dow Jones uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard Personal Information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information . If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure ( for example , if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised ) , please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting Customer Service in accordance with the instructions below . You can access or modify your registration or subscription profile information and modify your marketing preferences by contacting Customer Service , as indicated below . Most subscribers and registered users can also update their Personal Information online by signing on to their accounts and visiting the appropriate account management sections of our websites . Please note that if you have subscribed or registered for our print and online editions , or for more than one of our publications or services , you may need to update your information for each separately . Here are links to pages where subscribers and registered users may update their personal profile information and marketing preferences :  Wall Street Journal Customer Center Wall Street Journal Email Setup Barron 's Customer Center MarketWatch My Profile DJX - Factiva Customer Support AllThingsD.com You may also contact Dow Jones Customer Service at service @ dowjones.com or by calling 1-800-DOWJONES ( U.S. only ) or 212-416-3858 ( outside the U.S. ) . Local contact information for The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's is also available in the Contact Directory . Local contact information for corporate enterprise products is available on the Customer Support site . Your California Privacy Rights California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please write to us at :  Dow Jones & Company Attn : DM Disclosure Manager 200 Burnett Road Chicopee , MA 01020 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond . Updates to Privacy Policy . Dow Jones may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Dow Jones Online Services . Your use of the Dow Jones Online Services or your provision of personal information to use following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy . Location of Data . Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our products and services , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country . Data Retention . We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service . In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) . If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment in such a case , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage . Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy . We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service . Linked Services . The Dow Jones Online Services may also be linked to sites operated by third parties , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games or applications developed and maintained by third parties . Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with a Dow Jones logo , even though they are not operated or maintained by us . For example :  A portion of The Wall Street Journal Archive is hosted by an unrelated company - ProQuest - through its ProQuest Archiver service , and all article purchases are processed by ProQuest . ProQuest collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , and makes your information available to us . We will treat all information that ProQuest provides about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy . The Portfolio feature is provided by a third party , LikeAssets . LikeAssets collects and uses your information in accordance with its privacy policy , which is separate from this one . Dow Jones is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties , and once you leave the Dow Jones Online Services or click an advertisement , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacypolicy @ dowjones.com . We ask that you not disclose any sensitive Personal Information ( e.g. social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) when contacting us . 
USATODAY.com Privacy Notice Last Updated : December 1 , 2012 We take seriously your interest in how your information is collected and used . Please read the following to learn about our Privacy Notice . This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices of the USATODAY.com website ( the " Site " ) . Specifically , it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the Site , and the ways in which we use and share this information . This Privacy Notice does not apply to any information you may provide to us , or that we may collect , offline and/or through other means ( for example , at a live event , via telephone , or through the mail ) . In addition , this Privacy Notice does not apply to any activities ( online or otherwise ) of the USA TODAY print newspaper . Please read this Privacy Notice carefully . By visiting and using the Site , you agree that your use of our Site , and any dispute over our online privacy practices , is governed by this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service . Because the Web is an evolving medium , we may need to change our Privacy Notice at some point in the future , in which case we 'll post the revised Privacy Notice on this website and update the " Last Updated " date to reflect the date of the changes . By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes , you accept the Privacy Notice as modified . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as the " Shine The Light " law , permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , information about the personal information ( if any ) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year . If applicable , this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year . If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request , please submit your request in writing to : Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator USA TODAY Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean , VA 22107 The information that we collect about you while you are using the Site falls into two general categories , as described below . The information we collect may be collected directly by us , or it may be collected by a third-party website hosting provider , or another third-party service provider , on our behalf . Information You Provide to Us . We may collect , through a variety of technologies and practices , and store information , including personally-identifiable information ( such as your name , postal address or e-mail address ) , or other information , that you voluntarily supply to us either while on the Site or in responding via e-mail in connection with a feature provided on the Site . Some examples of this type of information include information that you electronically submit when you contact us with questions , information that you post on blogs , discussion forums or other community posting and social networking areas on our Site , information that you electronically submit when you complete an online registration form to access and use certain features of our Site , and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to the Site . We also may ask for information ( including a credit card number and other financial information ) from those users who make purchases or have payment transactions on our Site . If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the Site , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site . Information that is Automatically Collected . We also collect and store non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the Site . For example , we may collect information about your computer 's connection to the Internet , which allows us , among other things , to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site . We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a " cookie " to enhance your experience with the Site . Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes . By showing how and when visitors use the Site , cookies help us deliver advertisements , identify how many unique users visit us , and track user trends and patterns . They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you have entered preference information before . This Site also may use web beacons ( single-pixel graphic files also known as " transparent GIFs " ) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open our HTML-formatted e-mail messages . If you want to limit the non-personally identifiable information that is automatically collected while you use our Site , most Web browsers allow you to disable certain functionality or set certain privacy settings . For example , to disable cookies using Internet Explorer , select Internet Options under the Tools menu and click on Privacy . Select High or Block All Cookies . To disable cookies using Mozilla Firefox , select Options under the Tools menu . If you choose to disable cookies , or turn off other functionality , you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Site . We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways , including , for example , to process your registration request , provide you with services and communications that you have requested , customize features and advertising that appear on the Site , deliver our Site content to you , measure Site traffic , measure user interests and traffic patterns , and improve the Site and the services and features offered via the Site . We will not use the information that we collect while you are using the Site , nor will we authorize third parties to use such information , to mail or e-mail promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive such promotional offers . If you wish to receive such promotional offers or view or update your preferences you may do so at registration.usatoday.com . Otherwise , we may share information we collect while you are using the Site with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services . If you do not wish your personally identifiable information to be used or shared for these purposes , send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose contact information is listed at the end of this Privacy Notice . For information about use of your information by us and by third-party advertising service providers for advertising and by , see the section Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting . Our Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do not control . When you access another website or purchase products or services from a third party Site , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services . We also make some content , products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third party providers . We may share with our provider partner any information you provide , or that is collected , in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner . In some cases , the provider partner may collect information from you directly ; in which cases the privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner 's use of your information . The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours . If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners , you should contact the provider partner directly for more information . In addition , certain affiliated USA TODAY divisions , such as the USA TODAY print newspaper , provide online services that are separate from our Site and may be subject to privacy policies that are different from ours . If you have any question about the privacy policy that applies to the online service you are using , you should click on the relevant link on the page of the service that you are using . Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors if required to do so by law or if , in our business judgment , such disclosure is reasonably necessary : ( a ) to comply with legal process ; ( b ) to enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( c ) to protect the rights , property , or personal safety of our Site , us , our affiliates , our officers , directors , employees , representatives , our licensors , other users , and/or the public . Please also note that as our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets . In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets , or our Site , is acquired by another company , information about our Site users may be among the transferred assets . We operate in compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising , www.aboutads.info . We may use cookies , web beacons and similar technologies , and/or a third-party ad serving software , to automatically collect information about site users and site activity , and we may use this information to , among other things , serve targeted advertisements on this site . The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests , trends and patterns , thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users . We also may use third-party service providers , to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site . We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with our Site , such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest , from our Site with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on our Site . These providers may use their own cookies , web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from our Site . These service providers may use that information , sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites , to deliver advertisements on this Site , and on other websites that participate in our service providers ' advertising networks , that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers . The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes . Unless you affirmatively provide information , the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our Site does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address , MAC address , cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer . The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party 's Privacy Notice and are not covered by our Privacy Notice . If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular service provider , or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a service provider 's information collection practices , go to www.aboutads.info . You can opt out of the use of cookies by DoubleClick , one of our service providers , by visiting http : //www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy . Additionally , many of our advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) . You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers ' information collection practices , and opt out of such practices ( and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other , or all , NAI members ) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . If you would like more information on how to opt out of information collection practices , go to http : //www.aboutads.info . Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information or other private information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on blogs , discussion forums , or other community posting or social networking areas of our Site - that information can be seen , collected and used by others besides us . We can not be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information . This children 's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of 13 , and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information . This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Site . We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of 13 from providing such information . If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Site , we will delete such information from our records . Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties . We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site . Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 via the Site , we do NOT condition the participation of a child under 13 in the Site 's online activities on providing personally identifiable information . If you are a registered member of our Site , you can make changes to your account information by logging in to the Site and using the account tools available via the Site . If you have subscribed to one or more of our e-mail newsletters , you may also change your subscriber information , modify your subscriptions , and/or unsubscribe from these newsletters at any time by visiting registration.usatoday.com . If you have any questions about modifying your account or preference information , please visit the customer service pages of our Site . All information we gather on our Site is stored within a database to which only we and our hosting services provider are provided access . However , as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our Site 's servers or databases , nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , our privacy practices , or your dealings with us , please contact us by writing to : Mark Faris Online Privacy Coordinator USATODAY.com Gannett Law Department 7950 Jones Branch Drive McLean , VA 22107 
Sports Illustrated PRIVACY POLICY Table of Contents The Information We Collect How We Use the Information Privacy Options Your California Privacy Rights : Notice to California Customers Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors Cookies Our Commitment to Security Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information Retention of Personal Information Special Note for Parents Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us Safe Harbor Privacy Policy European Union Privacy Information For citizens of member countries of the European Union , and Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , and New Zealand Canada Privacy Information This is the Privacy Policy which applies to you if you live outside the European Union , Switzerland , Norway , Lichtenstein , Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , and Canada . Thank you for visiting Sports Illustrated , or using our mobile device applications ( the " Apps " ) or other services ( together with the Apps , the " Services " ) , Services within the network of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries , each of which have adopted this Privacy Policy . Your privacy is important to us . To better protect your privacy , we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by Time Inc. and its subsidiaries . Click here for a list of the sites of Time Inc. and its subsidiaries which are governed by this Privacy Notice . Through Time Inc. publications , websites , and other media , you can order publications and products ; engage in various activities like entering contests or sweepstakes , playing games , taking quizzes , voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion ; subscribe to one of our services , such as newsletters ; or participate in one of our online forums or communities . Your personally identifiable information may be required to engage in these activities as well as to receive products and services that you may have requested . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages and elsewhere include but are not limited to : name , address , gender , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number and credit or debit card information . We may also collect information about your personal or professional interests and use of or opinions about various products , programs and services . For instance , we may ask you to identify your job or industry to qualify you for free business magazines . At some Time Inc. sites and through certain promotions , you can submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name , mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card . The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address and telephone number . We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our web pages or use our applications , such as the type of browser and operating system you are using , your IP address , your device identifiers , your Internet or wireless service provider , and location-based information . back to top We may use the information you provide about yourself or others to fulfill requests for our publications , products or services , to respond to inquiries about offerings and to offer other products , programs or services that may be of interest . We may combine information we receive with outside records and share such information with third parties for use on our behalf to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you . We may disclose personally identifiable information that we receive from you and from third party sources to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . When you request a magazine , service , or other product , we will forward the information you give us to the publisher or provider to the extent necessary to fulfill your request . They may contact you with special offers of possible interest . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes , when we make changes to subscriber agreements , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account . If you choose to submit content ( e.g. , a " letter to our editors " or an online review ) , we may publish your name , screen name and other information you have provided to us . You hereby consent to this . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , or services . We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our publications and websites , and to enable us to customize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze site usage , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request . Agents and contractors of Time Inc. that have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by , for example , not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Time Inc . We may transfer your personally identifiable information to other Time Inc. offices for internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf . Your personal data will be transferred to other Time Inc. offices where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit . To the extent not prohibited under applicable law , transfers and disclosures of personally identifiable information may also be made where necessary for the establishment , exercise , or defense of legal claims , to protect the rights and property of Time Inc. , our agents , customers , and others , including to enforce our agreements , policies , and terms of use ; or to protect the personal safety of any person . Please note that if Time Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or lines of business is merged , acquired , divested , financed , sold , disposed of or dissolved , including through merger of , consolidation , sale or divestiture of assets , the relevant customer database , including personally identifiable information we may possess about you , may , in whole or in part , be sold , disposed of , transferred , divested , or otherwise disclosed as part of that transaction or proceeding . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy . Inadvertent disclosures may result , for example , when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data . If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other off-line promotions from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your personally identifiable offline information with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . If you prefer not to receive e-mail marketing from this or any other Time Inc. property , or if you want to opt-out of any sharing of your email address with third parties not owned by Time Inc. , please click here . Time Inc. sites will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses . back to top California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternately , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing . ( Note : Time Inc. sites do not recognize the do not track signals that some browsers may employ. )  As discussed above , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes offline please click here , or for email please click here . To find out more about your opt-out rights , please contact us as described in the " How to Contact Us " section below . Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours . Time Inc. also allows you to connect with other sites and services in order to share content and information . You should consult the other sites ' and services ' privacy notices , as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties or their use of your information . Time Inc. sites sometimes may offer contests , sweepstakes , promotions , editorial features , or other activities or offerings that are sponsored or co-sponsored by or presented with identified third parties . By virtue of your participation in such activities or offerings , your IP address and the personally identifiable information that you voluntarily submit may be provided to both the Time Inc. site and the third parties . Time Inc. has no control over the third parties ' use of this information . Time Inc. sites may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements , including online behavioral advertisements , that you may see on the web pages and to conduct research about the advertisements . This privacy notice does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you ( e.g. , type of browser , operating system , domain name , day and time of visit , page ( s ) visited ) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information ( e.g. , cookies , web beacons and clear gifs ) . For more information on advertisements and your behavioral advertising options , visit our About Ads page and our Network Advertising Initiatives page . To enhance your experience on our Services , we may place " cookies " on your computer or device . Cookies are small text files that we place in your computer or device to store your preferences . Cookies , by themselves , do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us by , for example , registering with one of our Services . Once you choose to provide us with personal information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device , and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services , and relate your use of the Services to other information about you , such as your usage information and personal information . We use cookies ( and Local Shared Objects , HTML5 , cache cookies , web beacons , or clear gifs , all described further below ) to understand usage of the Services and to improve our content and offerings and to deliver advertisements that you might be interested in . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our Services ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to our site , to save your password in password-protected areas , to enable shopping carts , or to tailor content or product and service offerings ) . Most browsers automatically accept cookies . You can set your browser option so that you will not receive cookies and you can also delete existing cookies from your browser . However , you may find that some parts of the site will not function properly if you have refused cookies or similar tracking technologies and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar tracking technologies might prevent you from accessing some of our content . However , your viewing of editorial content may be hampered . If you wish to block cookies , go to http : //www.allaboutcookies.org/ to find out how , or check your browser.s instructions . Local Shared Objects : Local shared objects , such as .Flash cookies,. also may be stored on your computer or device . Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies , but can not be managed in the same way . Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device , you may be able to manage them using software settings . For information on managing Flash cookies , for example , see http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html . HTML 5 : HTML5 , the language some Web sites are coded in , may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Service usage activities . This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services , such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors , how they can be improved , and to customize them for our users . Cache Cookies : Cache cookies , such as eTags , may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited a Service or Services in the past . Web Beacons : Our websites may also use small pieces of code called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " to collect anonymous and aggregate advertising metrics , such as counting page views , promotion views , or advertising responses . A web beacon is an electronic image called a single-pixel or clear GIF . Web beacons can recognize certain types of information , such as a user 's cookie number , time and date of a page view , and description of the page where the web beacon is placed . These web beacons may be used to deliver cookies that conform to our cookie policy above . These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf . These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you , and relate your Service usage information to other information about you , including your personal information . We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times , including both personal information and Service usage information , and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources ( including third parties ) such as demographic information and updated contact information ( where that information has been lawfully disclosed to us ) for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content . back to top We have put in place appropriate administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access , maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect . No system can be completely secure , however , and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen . We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates . We encourage you to review , update , and correct the personal information that we maintain about you , and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate , incomplete , or irrelevant for legitimate purposes , or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements , by contacting us as set out in the " How to Contact Us " section below . At our election , instead of deleting such information , we may retain it with your comment or correction noted in our records . By contacting us , you may also object to our further use of your personal information if you have compelling legitimate grounds ( this may involve closing your account ) . We may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details before we are able to provide you with any information , correct any inaccuracies , or delete any information . Your right to review , update , correct , and delete your personal information may be limited , subject to the law or your jurisdiction : ( i ) if your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive , ( ii ) where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon , or ( iii ) if the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us , or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity . Your right to review , update , correct and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law , including any statutory retention requirements . We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we need it for purposes not prohibited by applicable laws . Thereafter , we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity . Your rights to request that we delete your personal information are set forth in the " Accessing , Correcting , and Deleting Your Personal Information " section above . The site you are visiting is one of the Time Inc. general audience sites and is not intended for use by children . For more information about our online privacy practices for children 's sites , consult the privacy notice at the children 's site in which you are interested . This Privacy Policy may be changed by Time Inc . The revised Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we may disclose it . If you have any questions or concerns about the Time Inc . Privacy Notice or its implementation please contact us via email by clicking here or by writing to :  Time Customer Service Attention : Consumer Affairs 3000 University Center Drive Tampa , Florida 33612-6408 http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/ back to top This Privacy Policy was revised Jan. 2 , 2014 . 
At the same time that The Washington Post Company and washingtonpost.com are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs , we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information . In adopting this privacy policy , our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using personally identifiable information and your reasonable expectations of privacy . Please note : this policy applies only to information collected by washingtonpost.com online , as specified below , and does not govern or apply to information collected or used by The Washington Post Company or its affiliates through other means Washingtonpost.com asks you to provide various types of personally identifiable information to enhance your experience on our site . During registration , washingtonpost.com asks for information such as your name , e-mail address , year of birth , gender , Zip code , country , street address , Job Title , Primary Responsibility , Job Industry and Company Size . The more information you provide , the better we are able to customize your experience . We may also ask you for other information at other times - such as when you enter a contest or participate in a promotion , when you post an online ad , when you participate in our message boards , or when you order products from us . Whenever you provide personally identifiable information to us , we will make an effort to link to our privacy policy . See below about cookies and what other information is collected . Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you , the user , with a customized experience on our network of sites . This includes personalization services , interactive communications , online shopping and many other types of services , most of which are completely free to you . Washingtonpost.com uses the personally identifiable information you provide to us in several ways . Some examples follow . A user 's personally identifiable information may be used by washingtonpost.com for editorial purposes such as to contact you as part of an online survey . Additionally , we may also use the information provided by you to : 1 ) contact you with legal notices , 2 ) to advise you of any changes or additions to our Service or terms and conditions , and 3 ) account status ( including confirmation of registrations ) . If you do not wish to receive the foregoing and therefore unregister from the site , please contact Customer Care and ask to have your registration account deleted . Once your account has been deleted , you will no longer have access to washingtonpost.com , however , you may reregister at any time . We may also use information about our users and their activities on our site to send offers and information about The Washington Post Company and its affiliates . However , if you no longer wish to receive the foregoing , please contact Customer Care to request removal from this list . Further , if you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving certain e-mail newsletters from us , we will send you those e-mail subscriptions . Please note that regardless of those subscription preferences , we may contact you by e-mail as described elsewhere in this privacy policy ( e.g. , to notify you about changes or additions to our Service , such as new features ) . However , if you no longer wish to receive any of the foregoing , you may change your preferences for the future at any time by clicking on the following link : https : //ssl.washingtonpost.com/actmgmt/registration/addnewsletter/long In order to provide services free of charge , we display advertisements . washingtonpost.com delivers targeted advertisements on behalf of advertisers . Advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach ( for example , females over 25 years old ) . We take the advertisement and display it to users meeting those criteria . In this process , the advertiser never has access to you washingtonpost.com account . Washingtonpost.com also does research on our users ' demographics , interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us including upon registration , on order forms , during a promotion , as well as from our server log files or from surveys . We do this to better understand and serve our users . This research is compiled and analyzed and washingtonpost.com may share aggregated versions of this data with advertisers or other businesses . In addition , under confidentiality agreements , washingtonpost.com may match user information with third party data . When you are on an area of washingtonpost.com and are asked for personally identifiable information , you are providing that information to The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or vendors providing contractual services for washingtonpost.com ( such as hosting vendors and list managers ) . If personally identifiable information is being provided to and/or maintained by any company other than these , our policy is that we will not transfer that personally identifiable information unless notice is given prior to transfer . If you do not want your information to be shared , you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular service or by expressing this preference , if requested . Additional information about personally identifiable information follows . Promotions : Promotions that run on washingtonpost.com may be sponsored by companies other than washingtonpost.com or may be co-sponsored by washingtonpost.com and another company . Some or all personally identifiable information provided by you during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor . If information will be shared , we will disclose such sharing prior to the transfer . You can decide not to participate in the promotion if you do n't want your personally identifiable information to be shared . In certain circumstances , you may not be able to participate in a particular promotion if you chose not to share personally identifiable information . Currently , most washingtonpost.com promotions are limited to U.S. or North American residents . Advertisers and Links : washingtonpost.com advertisers , or Web sites that have links on our site , may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you . The information practices of companies collecting data on our site or Web sites linked to washingtonpost.com are not covered by this privacy statement . Marketplace : If you make a purchase or request a service from a business in Marketplace , the information you provide for that transaction ( as well as tracking information and cookies as described below ) is provided directly to the Marketplace business . Businesses listed in washingtonpost.com Marketplace have separate privacy and data collection practices . washingtonpost.com has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies . For more information regarding the business and its privacy policy , go to that business ' home page and click on the appropriate link . Other : If we run competitions or contests on the site , you may be required to provide additional information such as your telephone number and address in order to participate . The exact rules may vary in each case but the specific rules for any contest will state how that information may be used . If you told us in your account preferences that you would be interested in receiving e-mail from us , we may send you e-mails about washingtonpost.com products , promotions , or services as well as on behalf of other companies . You can change your account preferences at any time . In addition , in each advertising email you will be provided an ability to opt-out of receiving future emails from the advertiser . We do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers , sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access . Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies . Washingtonpost.com users should also be aware that , when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards , that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others . Except as stated in this privacy policy or at the time of collection , a user 's personally identifiable information will not be transferred to a party outside The Washington Post Company , its divisions or affiliates , or its service vendors unless notice is given at the time of collection or prior to transfer . washingtonpost.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information may be necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement , may be causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) washingtonpost.com 's rights or property , other washingtonpost.com users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities , pursuant to a request from law enforcement , a subpoena , or a court order , or when otherwise may be required by law . Data Security : We have in place physical , electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online . However , as effective as these measures are , no security system is impenetrable . We can not guarantee the security of our database , nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet . Web servers serving washingtonpost.com automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information , such as which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors . This information is used for various purposes including internal review , to tailor information to individual visitors and other users , for traffic audits , and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy . We also provide this information ( as well as information from third-party market researchers ) about our users on an aggregated , anonymous basis to our advertisers . Washingtonpost.com places a cookie on the browser of a washingtonpost.com user 's computer to store and sometimes track information about you . A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site ; we may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns . For example , cookies are used to ensure that you do n't see the same ad too many times in a single session and that you do not have to reenter your login name or password during your visit . We may also use cookies to understand your use of the Service . Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our site may also use their own cookies . You may opt out of those cookies as described below . You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by washingtonpost.com by changing the setting on your browser . Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser , not just the ones delivered by washingtonpost.com . Online advertising for washingtonpost.com is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick . DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads for instance , to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before , to tailor ads to you if you have visited our site before , and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements . You can opt out of DoubleClick 's use of cookies for these purposes by visiting http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ . In some cases , we and advertisers on washingtonpost.com and other sites work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests . These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads on our site and other sites that they believe you would find most relevant . You can opt out of those vendors ' use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.aboutads.info/ . Often our advertisers contract with a third-party service to host their ads . In this case , an ad serving vendor contacts the advertisers ' hosting service for a particular advertisement . In that case , an independent cookie may be used by the third-party service . We do not have a mechanism to allow visitors to opt-out of cookies from vendors with whom we do not have a contractual relationship . Kids under 13 : Do not send any information about yourself to us - including information like your name , address or e-mail address . In general , we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If , in limited circumstances , we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection . In the event that we learn that we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible . Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace , and we need to maintain our flexibility in the online arena . If we need to change our policy in the future , we will post these changes as soon as they go into effect . Copyright 1999 , 2000 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2010 WP Company LLC d/b/a The Washington Post 
Privacy Policy Below is the main Privacy Statement for Reuters . There will be additional Privacy Statements that apply to other services connected with this site offered by Thomson Reuters Corporation . Please read these at the time you register or subscribe for these services . At Reuters we collect different types of information about our visitors and consumers for four main reasons :  To provide personalised services unique to individual visitors and consumers . To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer to you . To sell advertising space on Reuters websites . Only with the consent of each consumer , to market our services to individual consumers . Please follow the links below for further information . Reuters Principles How Reuters May Use Your Information Updating Your Personal Information Who Reuters May Share Your Information With Use of Cookies About Reuters Advertising Legal Information How to Contact Reuters About Your Personal Information , and/or this Privacy Statement Changes to this Privacy Statement Reuters does our utmost to protect your privacy through the appropriate use of security technology . This means : We ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures in place to protect your information . We ensure that when we use other services providers for any processes , these service providers also have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information . Reuters respects your privacy . You should only receive marketing emails from Reuters and/or from Reuters preferred third parties which you have agreed to . It will be made clear to you where you have these choices . For example , by providing check boxes for you to decide whether you wish to receive these offers in marketing . Reuters may , however , email you occasionally with information or questions about your account . Reuters will only collect and use your information where we have legitimate business reasons , and we are legally entitled to do so . Reuters will be transparent about the information we will collect on you and how we will use your information . Reuters will only use your information for the purpose ( s ) for which they were originally collected and we will ensure any old information is securely disposed of . Reuters is accessible via the internet . This means that any collected information can be accessed from anywhere in the world . If Reuters or our service providers transfer your information outside of your country , or outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ) , all protection required under the law shall remain in place . Personal Information You Share With Us Personal Identifiable Information " is the information that identifies you as an individual , such as name , postal address , telephone number , email address , and/or credit card number . Reuters collects Personal Information ( PII ) ONLY when you submit it to us , including when you register or subscribe for certain Thomson Reuters products and services , complete a survey , or participate in a forum . The Personal Identifiable Information ( PII ) that Reuters collects is First Name , Last Name , Email Address , Screen Name , Street Address , Zip/Postal Code/Location , and Country . The only mandatory field above is email address when creating a Reuters account . We also ask optional profile questions that include , Investing Background , Risk Profile , Job Title , Job Function/Occupation , Industry , and no. of Staff/Company Size . None of which are required . The Reuters Loyalty Survey is another way we gather information about our users . This survey is only presented to registered users who have logged in 4 times during the last 30 days . The following questions will be presented to the user if they are selected , including what industry to do you work , what is your job title , and what size company do you work for . This survey helps us better understand our audience . Account Registration The minimum information we need to register a consumer is an email address and a password . We will ask further questions for different services , including sales promotions . Unless stated , all registration questions are compulsory . We may also ask some further , voluntary questions during registration for certain services so we can gain a clearer understanding of our visitors and consumers . This also enables us to personalize services for our visitors and consumers . Information we Automatically Collect Reuters automatically collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) on all visitors and consumers interacting with our online services , including your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited . If you access our Online Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device ( " UDID " ) . This information is used to personalize your experience across all Reuters platforms . It also allows us to display relevant content , services and advertising to the appropriate audience . For Reuters Registered Consumers Reuters offers a My Profile page where you can update your personal information at any time , including resetting your password , email subscriptions , and managing your payment information . When you are logged in , you can get to this page from most pages on the site - simply click on My Account at the top of the screen . For All Reuters Consumers ( registered and non-registered )  Reuters offers a way to update your marketing profile information . Simply click on the AdChoices Icon ( us the actual Icon here ) at the bottom of most pages . A window will popup and allow you to update your marketing preferences or opt-out of targeted advertising . If you opt-out you will continue to see advertising but it will not be tailored to your interests . Reuters will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given your permission . With your permission , we will only share your information with carefully chosen third parties . Reuters may offer via the site third party services , such as video recommendations , article recommendations , social login , social sharing , social commenting , live news feeds , and surveys . Any information which is collected by Reuters when you access a third party service is processed under this Privacy Statement . Information collected by third party operators themselves will be governed by their own privacy statement . Reuters may use service providers to help us run this site or services available on the site , some of whom may be based outside your country or the European Economic Area . Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected , and in compliance with Data Privacy laws . Reuters may also independently audit these service providers to ensure they meet our standards . Reuters use cookies and other similar anonymous tracking technologies for a number of reasons . Reuters use anonymous cookies for statistical purposes to track how many unique consumers we have and how often they visit the Reuters sites . Reuters collect data about which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of visitors and consumers from which countries . Reuters use registration cookies to track if registered consumers are logged in . This allows you to access services that require registration such as purchasing analyses or commenting on articles . You must enable Reuters to place cookies on your computer to register and use services requiring registration . Reuters use cookies with privacy compliant third parties to collect anonymous user information . These third party cookies ( flash and non-flash ) and web beacons are used for video recommendations , article recommendations , social sharing and other similar services and collect information such as your IP address , browser type , operating geography , and pages visited . Both Reuters and third party advertisers use cookies to collect anonymous statistical advertising data . This may include whether a visitor has seen an advertisement and if so , how long ago , how many have seen the advertisement once and how many have seen it more than once . Further information is available below concerning Online Behavioural Advertising . Placing cookies on your computer means Reuters may serve you advertisements possibly more interesting to you , and allows us to control the number of times you see advertisements and measure effectiveness of ad campaigns . Further information is available below in the Online Behavioural Advertising section , including how you can opt out of online behavioural advertising . You can turn cookies off , but if you do this , you may not be able to use some services on the Reuters site , and you might see more pop-ups and other intrusive advertising , as we wo n't be able to limit what you see using cookies . You will however still be able to view editorial content . For more information on managing your cookies , including how to turn them off , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above . By permitting cookies to be used you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described above . Online Behavioural Advertising ( OBA ) allows us to deliver targeted advertising to visitors to the Reuters sites . OBA works by showing you advertisements which are based on the type of content you have been reading , and delivering advertisements which we believe may be of interest to you . As you browse Reuters , one of the cookies placed on your computer will be an advertising cookie so we can better understand what sort of pages you are interested in . The information collected about your computer enables us to group you with other computers who have shown similar interests . We can then display advertising to you which is based on these interests . For instance if you have been reading a lot of Food and Drink articles we may decide to show you more advertisements based on food and drink . It 's important to remember that none of the OBA techniques we employ requires us to collect or use personally identifiable information like your name , email address , postal address or telephone number . Behavioural retargeting is another form of OBA which enables us and some of our advertising partners to show you ads based on your online reading away from the Reuters site . For example , if you have visited the website of an online clothing shop you may start seeing ads from that same shopping site displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing . This allows companies to advertise to visitors who are interested in their content after they leave their website . Reuters may also want to share behavioural data with other websites . This may mean that when you are on other websites you are served advertising based on your behaviour on Reuters , and on Reuters you may be served advertising based on your behaviour on other sites . If you want to opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising this does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising when you are using this website . It just means that the advertising you see will not be customised or relevant to you . If you would like to manage your advertising profile , interests and learn how to opt out of online behavioural advertising , please review the Updating Your Personal Information section above . If you would like to further read about OBA please visit http : //www.iab.net/public_policy/behavioral-advertisingprinciples . Please visit http : //bluekai.com/privacypolicy.php for the privacy statement of our online behavioural targeting technology provider . Other Advertising Reuters contains contextual affiliate links from which we may earn revenue . Our articles are never influenced by advertisers or affiliates , nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product , except when clearly branded as a ' sponsored feature ' or ' advertisement feature ' or ' sponsor 's content ' . Please note that Reuters reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests , to operate our systems properly and to protect both ourselves and our visitors and consumers . For the purposes of Data Privacy legislation , Thomson Reuters is the Data Controller for data collected through Reuters sites , and services provided . Reuters Limited , a Thomson Reuters company , Thomson Reuters Building , 30 South Colonnade , Canary Wharf , London , E14 5EP . If you would like to obtain a copy of your information held by Thomson Reuters , or have any queries regarding Thomson Reuters use of your information please contact the Global Privacy Officer at the above address , or by emailing privacy.enquiries @ thomsonreuters.com Should Reuters elect to change our Privacy Statement , we will post the changes here . Where the changes are significant , we may also choose to email all our registered visitors and consumers with the new details . Where required by law , will we obtain your consent to make these changes . Changes to this Policy November 2011 : The Privacy Statement has been completely updated to include further information on marketing preferences , data collection , data sharing , use of cookies and user control over their own personal information on Reuters websites . 
Last Updated : November 18 , 2013 Bloomberg L.P. ( " BLP " ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively " Bloomberg " ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) . BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc . For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion . This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you . We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail . You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here . You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here . Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you . Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase . Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law . BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use " cookies , " Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites . This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site . BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc . However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information . To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources . If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer you use to surf the Web . Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default . If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent . Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device . The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data . You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web . Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc. ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one . Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device . However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests . BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites . Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you . We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance . Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site . The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy . BLP adheres to the industry 's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising located here . To " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here . To " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( " NAI " ) online behavioral advertising member networks , and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive , please click here . Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by such member networks and participating companies , you will still receive online advertising . BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site . For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here . BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( " Third-Party Provider " ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you . You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here . Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated . If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use . Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy . BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly . The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg . Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies . Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers . BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information . To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service . To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category . All requests must include the following information : first name , last name , and e-mail address and " Privacy " in the Subject line . While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws . Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country . By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers . BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites . Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites . If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here and choosing the Other Category . Please include " Privacy " in the Subject line of your inquiry . If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an email with your first name , last name , mailing address , email address and telephone number to privacy @ bloomberg.com . Please include California Privacy Rights in the Subject line of your email . You may also make such a request by writing to us at : Bloomberg L.P. Attn : Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York , NY 10022 BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page . Such changes will be effective upon posting . 
Intermarkets Privacy Policy Revised : July 17 , 2013 Intermarkets , Inc. is an online advertising management services firm that offers advertisers opportunities to display their interactive ads on websites that are included within the Intermarkets Portfolio . Our services streamline the selection and delivery of interactive ads for advertisers and website publishers . We also provide targeted advertising services using non-personal information that is gathered across multiple , unaffiliated websites . Your privacy is important to us , and we are committed to protecting the personal information you choose to share with us . This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products , services , and websites offered by Intermarkets or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use , protect , and share information when you are served an advertisement from when you use the Intermarkets website www.intermarkets.net or one of the website publishers that are included in our Portfolio ( collectively Site ) . For a current list of the websites within our Portfolio , please click here . This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences . By using the Site , you consent to this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Intermarkets does not own , control , manage , or employ . Intermarkets uses ADTECH as its ad server . ADTECH 's privacy policy can be found here . We are committed to following the National Advertising Initiative 's ( NAI ) privacy principles . Personally Identifiable Information : We collect information that personally identifies you , such as your name , username , email address , credit card details , and other information as we may from time to time request at our discretion ( Personally Identifiable Information ) only if you choose to share such information with us . For example , you may be asked to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information when you register with or use our services , when you register with or use the Site , and at other times . The decision to provide this information is optional ; however , if you elect not to register with or provide such information , you may not be able to access certain content , features , or services available on or through the Site . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Intermarkets service , such as service announcements , administrative messages , special promotions , and Intermarkets newsletters , which are considered part of your account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . Non-Personally Identifiable Information : We automatically collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information when you use the Site . Non-Personally Identifiable Information includes demographic information ( such as age , gender , city or state ) and a user 's click stream information . Click stream data is anonymous and can include information such as your IP address , Web pages viewed , the date and time at which those pages were viewed and interaction with content and advertisements on those Web pages . Technologies used to collect this click stream data include cookies and Web beacons . Intermarkets collects Non-Personally Identifiable Information and stores it in log files . We use this information to help us understand how people use our Site . For example , each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use , your operating system , your ISP , which pages you view , and the time and duration of your visits to the Site . We may augment our click stream data with non-personally-identifiable behavioral and demographic data from third party Services Providers ( defined below ) to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the pages of our Site and those of our Portfolio publishers . This anonymous data may include such things as zip code , age , gender , and income range . We utilize the non-personal information described above to better customize the sort of advertisements you see . This information also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement 's effectiveness , or for other purposes . We also aggregate anonymous cookie data in order to identify large audience segments that assist advertisers in targeting their campaigns to the most relevant Internet audience . The use and collection of information by our third-party advertising Service Providers is governed by the individual privacy policies of those providers . The majority of our advertising Service Providers are members of the NAI . You can obtain more information about these advertising service providers ' information collection practices , and opt out of such practices ( and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other , or all , NAI members ) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI 's website at http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp Cookies and Web Beacons : We may use cookies ( a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser ) , Web beacons ( an electronic file placed on a website that monitors usage ) , and other similar technologies to improve the quality of the Site and to better target and analyze consumer behavior with the goal of providing better and more relevant advertising . Our cookie does not include your name or anything personal to you . It simply tells us that we have encountered your computer at some prior point . Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . However , certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies . Alternatively , you are always free to opt out of the cookies . Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf . If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please click here . General : We use Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information for internal purposes only , such as to notify you of new products or services , to send service notifications , to customize the advertising and content you see , to fulfill your requests for products and services , to improve the Site , to conduct research , to solicit your feedback and input about the Site , and to provide more relevant and effective products , services , and advertisements on or through the Site . Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be combined with data collected from other sources so that we may further improve the relevance and effectiveness of products , services , and advertisements offered on or through the Site . We will not sell , share , or rent Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , and we will not otherwise disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to third parties , without your permission , except as expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy . Service Providers : Intermarkets may share Personally Identifiable Information with its service providers that help Intermarkets provide the services that you request ( Service Providers ) . For example , we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services , such as credit card processing , advertising , analytics tools , data management services , Web hosting , and Web development . We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services , however , each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure . Non-Personally Identifiable Information Only : We may use , and disclose to third parties , certain Non-Personally Identifiable Information regarding the Site ( e.g. , number of visits , page views , and the like ) without your permission . However , such information does not identify you individually . Other Transfers : We may share Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with businesses controlling , controlled by , or under common control with Intermarkets . If Intermarkets is merged , acquired , or sold , or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets , we may disclose or transfer Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information in connection with such transaction . You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if , in our discretion , the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy . Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement : Intermarkets cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law . Intermarkets reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if , in our discretion , we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests ( including court orders and subpoenas ) , to protect the safety , property or rights of Intermarkets or of any third party , to prevent or stop any illegal , unethical , or legally actionable activity , or to comply with the law . IF YOU DO NOT WANT INTERMARKETS TO SERVE ADVERTISING TO YOU USING OUR COOKIE , CLICK HERE TO REPLACE YOUR UNIQUE INTERMARKETS COOKIE WITH OPT-OUT COOKIES FROM AOL ADVERTISING AND LOTAME SOLUTIONS . YOU CAN ALSO OPT OUT OF RECEIVING COOKIES FROM OTHER MEMBERS OF THE NETWORK ADVERTISING INITIATIVE BY CLICKING HERE . This opt-out functionality is cookie-based . When you receive this cookie , Intermarkets ' systems will know that you have opted out and will not attempt to assign other Intermarkets cookies in the future . In order for the opt-out to work on your computer , your Web browser must be set to accept third-party cookies and the Intermarkets opt-out cookie must remain on your computer for us to recognize you as an opt-out user . If you buy a new computer , change Web browsers , or delete this cookie , you will need to perform the opt-out task again . In some cases , Intermarkets works with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests . These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers , and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity ( e.g. , the sites and pages you have visited ) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads that they believe you would find most relevant . You can opt out of those vendors ' use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . PLEASE NOTE that if you erase or otherwise alter your browser 's cookie file ( including upgrading certain browsers ) you may need to opt out again . PLEASE NOTE that opting out of the ad-serving cookie does not mean that you will stop seeing either pop up advertising or banner ads embedded in websites . You can control many pop ups by using free software available on the Internet or by disabling JavaScript on your browser . Intermarkets has no control over the use or frequency of pop-up ads employed by website publishers or software manufacturers . Intermarkets does not keep data on its own servers ; instead the data is kept on the End User 's computer in the Intermarkets cookie . The data is stored in the cookie until the cookie is deleted by the End User . End Users can delete the cookie at any time , as explained in this Privacy Policy . The Site may contain links to websites or content operated and maintained by third parties . Intermarkets does not control those sites or their privacy practices , which may differ from our practices . If you click on a link or an advertisement , the privacy policy of the website to which you link will govern the collection and use of your information by that website 's operator ( s ) . You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk . You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before disclosing any information to the website . For more information , please click here . These terms refer to applications that are downloaded to your computer . These types of applications deliver ads ( usually in the form of pop-up type ads ) based on your web usage . We do not participate in any way with spyware or adware applications , and we do not download these types ( or any types ) of applications without your expressed acceptance . Cookies and .swf files are not spyware or adware , and they are not harmful to your computer . Please be advised that , whenever you voluntarily post information to any Intermarkets community page or any other public forums , such information can and may be accessed by the public . This means that any person or entity with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose , including sending unsolicited communications . We recognize the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your information . Accordingly , we employ standard security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access . However , no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . Therefore , while we strive to protect any information you transmit on or through the Site , please be advised that Intermarkets assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third-party access , or other causes beyond Intermarkets ' reasonable control . We process and store all information in the United States . By using our Site , you agree that the collection , use , transfer , and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States . The Intermarkets Site is directed to , and intended for use by , adults only . We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 . If we become aware that we have inadvertently received information from a child under the age of 13 , we will delete such information from our records . Because we do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 , we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties . Intermarkets may update this Privacy Policy from time to time , and so you should review this Policy periodically . If we decide to change this Privacy Policy , we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site . Those changes will go into effect on the Revision Date shown at the top of the revised Privacy Policy . Your continued use of the Site constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy . When you use the Intermarkets website , you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy , and Intermarkets will have the right to use your information as described in this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy , you must discontinue use of the Intermarkets website . You can also access , correct , or change your Personally Identifiable Information , or opt out of our direct marketing efforts , by sending an email to info @ intermarkets.net . Once a request to opt out has been received , Intermarkets will send a confirming email message to the user that the user 's Personally Identifiable Information has been successfully opted out of Intermarkets ' database . If you do not receive this confirmatory email , then please contact us to ensure that your request was received and processed . If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please email us at info @ intermarkets.net or send us a letter at Intermarkets , Inc. , Attention : Privacy , 11911 Freedom Drive , Suite 1140 , Reston , VA 20190 . For the privacy policies for each of our Portfolio publishers , please visit their sites . Links to our Portfolio publishers ' websites are located in our Media Kit . 
AccuWeather wants to assure that visitors to and users of AccuWeather sites , including the wired sites , the mobile sites , and applications whether using or not using the http : //www.accuweather.com/ sites ( jointly and severally referred as the AccuWeather Sites ) , are provided with appropriate information and choice mechanisms to make and implement informed decisions on using the AccuWeather Sites , including but not limited to providing Personally Identifiable Information ( 'PII ' ) . Your use of the AccuWeather sites indicates your consent and acknowledgement to the practices described in this Privacy Statement . We want you to know that AccuWeather is committed to safeguarding your privacy online . As AccuWeather expands its offerings and as technology evolves , we may , from time to time , update our privacy practices to address these . Please check this page on a regular basis for updates to this Privacy Statement . THE ACCUWEATHER SITES , AND THE PRODUCTS , SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THESE SITES , MAY NOT BE APPROPRIATE FOR USE BY CHILDREN . We collect information on the AccuWeather Sites during the registration process and through your use of the AccuWeather Sites for business purposes that will allow us to better and more efficiently serve you . Our personalization , interactive communications , online commerce and other types of services , allow us to deliver better service and content that is relevant to our user base . Some uses AccuWeather makes of this information are processing and verifying subscriptions , billing , and providing you with up-to-date information on the newest AccuWeather products . Third parties , providers , advertisers and vendors ( hereinafter " Providers " ) may be utilized by AccuWeather in conjunction with the operation of the AccuWeather Sites and the products , services , and advertising related to them . These Providers may also collect information . - You may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you or allows AccuWeather and/or its Providers to contact you . Generally this information is requested when you are asked to register for fee-based services , although some free products and services may also request or require registration . You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name , address , and email address ( collectively ' Personally Identifiable Information ' or ' PII ' ) , as well as select a username and password ( if one is not selected for you by AccuWeather ) . You may be asked for information which is no considered PII , such as a zip/postal code and/or country of origin . As a registered subscriber or user , you may be able to download software , enter contests , order e-mail newsletters or participate in additional services . In addition to the PII obtained at registration , you may be asked for information at other times , such as when you make a purchase or register for a service on or through the AccuWeather Sites , when you submit a listing for a web site , or when you report a problem with one of our sites or services . However , whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards , through email , or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others . In addition to the information that you may proactively provide or voluntarily disclose , your mere use of the AccuWeather Sites may result in the assignment of unique identifying numbers and/or codes which may be used to allow AccuWeather and its Providers and others who assist AccuWeather in the support of the AccuWeather Sites and the products and services offered on the AccuWeather Sites , including advertisers , to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on the AccuWeather sites . This type of information is considered User Data ( as defined below ) . By using the AccuWeather Sites , you acknowledge and consent to such activity . To provide location-based services , AccuWeather and its partners and licensees utilize certain geographic tracking technologies that may collect , use , and/or share precise location data ( such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device ) or information that can be used to approximate a location ( such as a cell ID ) , including the real-time geographic location of your computer or mobile device . This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by AccuWeather and its partners and licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services . By accepting AccuWeather 's Privacy Statement and/or by using AccuWeather 's products and/or services , you consent to use by AccuWeather and its Providers , partners and licensees of such geographic tracking technologies . - If you contact AccuWeather we may keep a record of that correspondence , and may further prompt you for further information , depending on the nature of the contact . We may also occasionally ask that you voluntarily participate in certain promotions , surveys or contests ( 'Special Programs ' ) , or enable automatic entry into such Special Programs via log-on entries . At such times , AccuWeather may disclose your PII to sponsors of the Special Program , and we may or may not describe this to you prior to transferring the data . Special Programs may also be subject to additional or different terms , or may be shared or used in a slightly different way . If different terms do apply , details of the specific terms and conditions or rules for these Special Programs may or may not be provided by posting to the AccuWeather Sites or upon registration for the Special Program , on a case-by-case basis , subject to AccuWeather 's terms For Sharing PII. - To the extent unique information , which is not in itself PII , such as personal profile , anonymous identifier ( s ) , demographic information , behavioral information , browser identifiers , session information , device type , carrier provider , unique device ID , UUID/UDID , carrier user ID , web sites visited , IP address and traffic data , is associated with PII , then such unique information shall NOT be considered PII , but shall be considered User Data . Additionally , PII does NOT include information that is collected anonymously ( i.e. without identification of the individual user ) or demographic or behavioral information that is not connected to or correlated with an identified individual . It 's important for us to know our users . We deliver valuable products and services , We are able to accomplish this through the use of Providers , such as advertisers , to produce the income we need to operate the free areas of the AccuWeather Sites . Providers are like most businesses in that they want something in return for the money they spend advertising on the AccuWeather Sites . They may want to know how many people will see their ad , and how often . The advertising companies may use information ( including or not including PII ) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . These companies may also employ , among other things , Cookies , Web Beacons , Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in furtherance of their services to AccuWeather . To make the AccuWeather Sites more valuable to our customers and our visitors , we may offer some products , services or features in conjunction with Providers . Many wireless products , for example , may be made available through cooperative arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products , information or services that work well with AccuWeather Sites , products and services . In some instances , our Providers may have the same access to your PII as we do . Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies or statements , which you may find on their websites . - We use third-party companies to serve ads when you visit the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , including Microsoft . These companies may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here : ( http : //www.aboutads.info/choices ) or here : ( http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp ) ; or for Microsoft advertising , click here : ( https : //choice.live.com/AdvertisementChoice/ ) . You may also go to the sites and policies of our Providers to find out more about technologies utilized by them in the course of providing services to the AccuWeather Sites . Occasionally , you may seek access to certain products and/or services on the AccuWeather Sites that are only available through third parties , either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to the AccuWeather Sties . When ordering , registering for or purchasing products or services from these Providers , you may at times be entering into an agreement with that Provider , and not with AccuWeather , and supplemental Provider Terms may apply . You should read and understand the Providers ' terms of use and policies before using their site or entering into agreements with them , since they may differ substantially from this Privacy Statement and other applicable AccuWeather terms and conditions . AccuWeather is not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility over the contents or use of the Provider sites , products and/or services and is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked or hosted site . You should contact our Providers directly should you have any questions or concerns relating to the terms of use and privacy policies of our Providers ' web sites . We may provide information and contact information about our Providers in this policy or on the AccuWeather Sites , but we take no responsibility to have a complete list of these nor to ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate . The information is provided for convenience only , but it is your responsibility to seek out and contact such entities . The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising , data collection and use practices ( OBA ) . This means that certain information regarding your internet viewing behaviors or practices , over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not the AccuWeather Sites , may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to you . If you desire to " opt-out " of this OBA process , you can use the link at http : //www.aboutads.info/choices to do so . This hyperlink and process is the recommended tool for such " opt-out " provisions of the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising , to which AccuWeather endeavors to adhere to , as a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau . Some or all of the AccuWeather Sites make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting . The AccuWeather Sites may also make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features , including Remarketing , Google Display Network Impression Reporting and/or the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration . We are required by Google to disclose the following information to you in our Privacy Statement in connection with our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on the AccuWeather Sites : You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ads Settings page . You may also prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . If the AccuWeather Sites make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing feature , AccuWeather will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third party vendors , including Google , may show AccuWeather ads on sites across the Internet . AccuWeather and third party vendors , including Google , may use first-party cookies ( such as the Google Analytics cookies ) and third party cookies ( such as the DoubleClick cookie ) together to ( a ) inform , optimize and serve ads based on a user 's past visits to the AccuWeather Sites , and/or ( b ) report how your ad impressions , other uses of ad services , and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the AccuWeather Sites . Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by AccuWeather to help recognize and understand user preferences , to make improvements to the AccuWeather Sites , to choose content and advertising to display to you , and for other business purposes that will allow AccuWeather to better serve you . The AccuWeather Sites may be designed to utilize cookies for optimal user performance . Cookies and other types of identifiers may also be included for purposes of collecting anonymous traffic data ( e.g. how many people come to the AccuWeather Site ( s ) , how often , etc. ) . Such cookies or identifiers may be placed by us or by third parties who perform services for us . Please check the Help menu in your Internet browser for information regarding how to manage your cookie preferences ( or if you are using a mobile device , check the Settings for your browser or device ) . Some examples of where cookie preferences may be found and managed in your Internet browser ( as of the version date of this document ) are as follows : Settings/Show advanced settings/Privacy/Content settings ' ( Google Chrome 25 PC ) ; Tools/Options/Privacy ' ( Mozilla Firefox 15 PC ) ; Safari/Preferences/Privacy ' ( Safari Mac ) ; ' Tools/Internet Options/Privacy/Advanced ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 PC ) ; or ' Edit/Preferences/Receiving Files/Cookies ' ( Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 Mac ) . Generally speaking , you may modify browser preferences to accept all cookies , be notified when a cookie is set , or to reject all cookies . If you choose to reject all cookies , you may be unable to use many of AccuWeather 's products and services . Some sections of the AccuWeather Sites may require that you log on in order to continue to use specific goods or services offered through our network , because we do not want cookies to replace security measures that you would otherwise take for yourself , your PII and your data . Some of these services include certain software applications and fee-based services , and some Internet activities that require more than an IP Address to continue . Web beacons may also be found on the AccuWeather Sites Web beacons are used to monitor user navigation to tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our subscribers or users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings . For a thorough description of web beacons and their uses , please click here . The AccuWeather Sites may utilize Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and/or HTML5 Mini Databases in conjunction with the use of the sites and the targeting of advertising to the users of the AccuWeather Sites . Many hand held mobile devices use these technologies in conjunction with the mobile browsers on the devices . Many mobile devices use these technologies which allow for the storage of information on the mobile devices and , in effect , allow the enhancement of internet browsing as well as other uses including but not limited to targeting advertisements . The Flash Shared Objects , HTML5 Local Storage and HTML5 Mini Databases also allow the device to track a user 's web browsing movements across the internet and not just on one particular website . AccuWeather and its providers may utilize one or more of these technologies and others on the AccuWeather Sites . Anytime a credit card is requested for processing orders through the AccuWeather Sites , the user transaction containing the credit card information may be encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology . SSL provides strong encryption to all digital information as it crosses the Internet . While on a secure page , such as on order forms , the lock button on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked , as opposed to unlocked or open when you are just surfing or in other areas of the Site . To learn more about SSL , click here . AccuWeather does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through our websites . Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifiable information , ask questions or participate in chat rooms related to our websites . If we are notified that a child under 18 has provided personal information , we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible . If you become aware that a child under 18 has provided such information , please send us a detailed email at customerservice @ accuweather.com so we can delete this information . It may be necessary for AccuWeather , its employees , contractors or Providers working on behalf of AccuWeather to access the Site using your subscriber information to provide you with support or to perform certain maintenance tasks . This access happens on an as-needed basis only . When you access or install a new product or service , you may be asked to register electronically . Your registration information will be merged with any information you have already provided ( 'Profile ' ) . If you have not previously registered within the AccuWeather Sites , a Profile may be created for you from your product registration information . If you have not already registered by giving us your PII , you will be asked to do so to ensure that only you can access the product or services . Upon satisfactory completion of your registration information , AccuWeather authorizes users to access and use the AccuWeather Sites and its products and services subject to the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website ( or if different , the AccuWeather terms and conditions applicable to the particular product or service you are using ) and this Privacy Statement . User shall maintain the confidentiality of any user name and password . If there is a breach of the confidentiality of a password or user name assigned to user , or any breach of security through user 's account , then user shall so notify AccuWeather 's customer assistance center immediately by contacting AccuWeather at customerservice @ accuweather.com . - In special circumstances , AccuWeather may opt to access or disclose PII when there is reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify , contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions on the AccuWeather.com website , this Privacy Statement , any applicable End User License Agreement , Provider or Subscription Terms or other applicable terms , or when there is reason to believe an individual may be violating the law or causing injury to or interference with ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) AccuWeather 's rights or property , other AccuWeather Site users , or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities . AccuWeather may then opt to disclose or access PII in good faith in circumstances where the law requires it , and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain , service , and improve the AccuWeather Sites and our products and services . AccuWeather may also be requested to disclose PII to law enforcement authorities or as may be required by court-ordered subpoena . - From time to time , we may share data regarding the users of the AccuWeather Sites and the use of our services ( for example , 10 % of our users are within a certain specialty industry , or users who choose one type of service request a related or similar service 38 % of the time , etc. ) , and we may also combine a user 's use and purchasing habits through the AccuWeather Sites and our providers ' sites to create a personalized user profile so we can tailor the AccuWeather Sites to our users ' preferences and enhance the site 's offerings ( hereinafter ' User Data ' ) . There may also be other instances where AccuWeather has determined that sharing User Data with third parties would maximize AccuWeather 's ability to better serve users . Should this occur , no PII will be included in these types of statistics . - Since we use Providers to ship products or perform customized products and/or services offered or accessed through the AccuWeather Sites or our Providers ' sites , and a credit card processing company to bill some users for goods and services , we may need to disclose PII to complete certain business transactions . Users may also require that we bill for services via invoicing , purchase order , or through Providers , such as mobile/wireless carriers or internet storefronts . Under these circumstances , we may be required to share the user 's PII to obtain a credit report with a reporting agency or to complete the order processing to serve the user . We may request that these Providers do not retain , share , store or use PII for any secondary purposes . - AccuWeather is in the business of providing and hosting weather information products , services , and other related products and services as a service to our users . As such , User Data is also considered , a ' customer list ' , and as such , is a valuable asset to any company subject to legal protection and regulation under federal and state laws as a property interest . Accordingly , User Data will be subject to all customary rights and protections afforded to property owners under these laws . Such rights customarily include the right to transfer the information during the sale of assets to or merger with third parties , and to routinely share such information with affiliates of AccuWeather . - Excepting PII collected during the purchasing or registration process , User Data may be used by AccuWeather or Providers to , among other things , retrieve or create the product or service that you have requested or for such business purposes as AccuWeather and/or its providers may determine in their sole discretion , without resort to a reasonableness standard . Please be advised that this User Data may be stored by AccuWeather or its Providers as ' preferences ' or otherwise and used without restriction . Further , all information submitted is and becomes the exclusive property of AccuWeather and by submitting material to AccuWeather , you accept responsibility for its accuracy , appropriateness and legality . Other than as set out above , you may receive notice when PII might go to third parties , and within such notice you may find the information about your opportunity to choose not to share the PII. - If for some reason you believe that AccuWeather has not adhered to these stated principles , please notify us at customerservice @ accuweather.com , and we will work to determine the issue and correct the problem . Your concerns should be detailed in a communication including enough identifying information to permit someone to contact you , in case further information is required to troubleshoot your concerns . Be certain the words ' AccuWeather Privacy Statement ' are included in the Subject line . Further resolution of your concerns will be governed by the terms and conditions applicable to the AccuWeather Sites . Version date : October 17th , 2013 
Privacy Policy TRUSTe online privacy certification Last Modified : December 30 , 2013 This privacy policy describes the treatment of information provided or collected on the sites where this privacy policy is posted . It also explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application . We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate . Types of Information We Collect How We Collect Your Information Use of Your Information by The Walt Disney Family of Companies Sharing Your Information with Other Companies Your Controls and Choices Children 's Privacy Data Security and Integrity Data Transfers , Storage and Processing Globally Changes to this Privacy Policy Comments and Questions We collect two basic types of information - personal information and anonymous information - and we may use personal and anonymous information to create a third type of information , aggregate information . We collect the following categories of information :  Registration information you provide when you create an account , including your first name and surname , country of residence , gender , date of birth , email address , username and password Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us , whether on our sites or through our applications , including your postal address , telephone number and payment information Information you provide in public forums on our sites and applications Information sent either one-to-one or within a limited group using our message , chat , post or similar functionality , where we are permitted by law to collect this information Information you provide to us when you use our sites and applications , our applications on third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites , or link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account Location information when you visit our sites or use our applications , including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications , or associated with your IP address , where we are permitted by law to process this information Usage , viewing and technical data , including your device identifier or IP address , when you visit our sites , use our applications on third-party sites or platforms or open emails we send back to top of page We collect information you provide to us when you request products , services or information from us , register with us , participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications , respond to customer surveys , or otherwise interact with us . Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform ( for example , via our applications ) , the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform . The information we collect is covered by this privacy policy and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform 's privacy practices . Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications . We collect information through technology , such as cookies , Flash cookies and Web beacons , including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms . Please visit Online Tracking and Advertising for further information , including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies . We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically . Local law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it . back to top of page A member of The Walt Disney Family of Companies , which includes many different brands , will be the data controller for your information . The relevant data controller ( s ) can be determined here . Other members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies may have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller ( s ) ( as a data processor ) and , unless prohibited under applicable law , for use on their own behalf ( as a data controller ) for the following purposes :  Provide you with the products and services you request Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies Consistent with local law and choices and controls that may be available to you : Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services Personalize content and experiences on our sites and applications Provide you with advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications . To learn more about how we use your information for personalization and tracking , please visit Online Tracking and Advertising . Optimize or improve our products , services and operations Detect , investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal back to top of page We will not share your personal information outside The Walt Disney Family of Companies except in limited circumstances , including : When you allow us to share your personal information with another company , such as : Electing to share your personal information with carefully selected companies so that they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services Directing us to share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms , such as social networking sites Please note that once we share your personal information with another company , the information received by the other company becomes subject to the other company 's privacy practices . When we cooperate with financial institutions to offer co-branded products or services to you , such as our co-branded Disney Rewards Visa Card ; however , we will do so only if permitted by applicable law and , in these cases , the financial institutions are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those related to the co-branded products or services When companies perform services on our behalf , like package delivery and customer service ; however , these companies are prohibited from using your personal information for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law When we share personal information with third parties in connection with the sale of a business , to enforce our Terms of Use or rules , to ensure the safety and security of our guests and third parties , to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties , to comply with legal process or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law back to top of page We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection , use and sharing of your information . In accordance with local law , your controls and choices may include :  You may correct , update and delete your registration account You may change your choices for subscriptions , newsletters and alerts You may choose whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services , or products and services that we think may be of interest to you You may choose whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from many ad networks , data exchanges , marketing analytics and other service providers here You may request access to the personal information we hold about you and that we amend or delete it and we request third parties with whom we have shared the information do the same You may exercise your controls and choices , or request access to your personal information , by visiting Communication Choices , contacting Guest Services , or following instructions provided in communications sent to you . Please be aware that , if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you , we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you , and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences . If you have questions regarding the specific personal information about you that we process or retain , please contact Guest Services . back to top of page We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our sites and applications . Some of the features on our sites and applications are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children , and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features . When we intend to collect personal information from children , we take additional steps to protect children 's privacy , including :  Notifying parents about our information practices with regard to children , including the types of personal information we may collect from children , the uses to which we may put that information , and whether and with whom we may share that information In accordance with applicable law , obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal information from their children , or for sending information about our products and services directly to their children Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children and the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted For additional information about our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children 's personal information , please read our Children 's Privacy Policy . back to top of page The security , integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us . We have implemented technical , administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access , disclosure , use and modification . From time to time , we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods . Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable . back to top of page We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of The Walt Disney Family of Companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy . Wherever your personal information is transferred , stored or processed by us , we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information . Additionally , when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union , we abide by the Safe Harbor Principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce , use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission , adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards , or obtain your consent . We also apply the substantive requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles when transferring personal information from Australia . back to top of page From time to time , we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies , industry practices , regulatory requirements or for other purposes . We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and , where required by applicable law , we will obtain your consent . back to top of page If you have a comment or question about this privacy policy , please contact Guest Services . Our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information . Notice to California Residents : If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of The Walt Disney Family of Companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California . To make such a request , please send an email to caprivacy.wdig @ twdc.com or write us :  CA Privacy Rights Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 In your request , please specify the member of The Walt Disney Family of companies to which your request pertains . If no member is specified , we will treat your request as pertaining to Disney Online . back to top of page Definitions Aggregate Information . Aggregate information means information about groups or categories of guests , which does not identify and can not reasonably be used to identify an individual guest . back to top of page Anonymous Information . Anonymous information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify , and can not reasonably be used to identify , an individual guest . back to top of page Application . Application means a program or service operated by us ( or on our behalf ) that may be displayed on various online , mobile or other platforms and environments , including those operated by third parties , which permits us to interact directly with our guests . back to top of page Children . Children means individuals who we have identified are not of legal age to consent to the collection and processing of their personal information . In the United States and Latin America , the term children refers to individuals under 13 years of age . back to top of page Data Controller . The data controller is the subsidiary or affiliated entity of The Walt Disney Company that is responsible for the personal information collected from sites and applications , as follows :  Sites and Applications Company Contact Information Disney Club Penguin ( Club Penguin ) Disney Canada Inc. ( formerly known as Disney Online Studios Canada Inc. )  Club Penguin c/o Disney Online Studios Canada Inc. 1628 Dickson Avenue , Suite 500 Kelowna , British Columbia V1Y 9X1 CANADA support @ clubpenguin.com Disney Movies Online Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc . Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services Disney Studio All Access Disney Movie Rewards Disney Online , Buena Vista Home Entertainment , Inc. , Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services All other sites and applications Disney Online Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services back to top of page Data Processor . A data processor is a person or entity that processes personal information on behalf of a data controller ( or data controllers ) and is permitted to perform data processing only as directed by the data controller ( s ) . back to top of page IP Address . An IP address is associated with the access point through which you enter the Internet , and is typically controlled by your Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , your company , or your university . We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which our guests visit various parts of our sites and applications , and we may combine IP addresses with personal information . back to top of page Member . Member means a subsidiary or affiliated entity that is part of The Walt Disney Family of Companies . back to top of page Notice . Notice may be by email to you at the last email address you provided us , by posting notice of such changes on our sites and applications , or by other means , consistent with applicable law . back to top of page Parents . Parents means a parent or legal guardian . back to top of page Personal information . Personal information means information that identifies ( whether directly or indirectly ) a particular individual , such as the individual 's name , postal address , email address and telephone number . When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information , this anonymous information also is treated as personal information . back to top of page Public Forums . Our sites and applications may offer message boards , conversation pages , blogs , chat rooms , social community environments , profile pages , and other forums that do not have a restricted audience . If you provide personal information when you use any of these features , that personal information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed without limitation as to its use by us or by a third party . To request removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or applications , please contact Guest Services . back to top of page The Walt Disney Family of Companies . The Walt Disney Family of Companies refers to The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiary and affiliated entities , which offer their products and services under various brand names . These companies engage in a number of businesses , including theme parks and travel , motion pictures and television , publishing , consumer products and interactive services . The Walt Disney Company brands include , among others , the following :  ABC Babble Baby Einstein BabyZone Club Penguin Disney Disney Pixar ESPN Hollywood Records Indiana Jones Lucasfilm Marvel Muppets Playdom Spoonful Star Wars Tapulous Touchstone back to top of page Guest Services Contact Information United States of America :  Guest Services Disney Interactive 500 South Buena Vista Street Mail Code 7667 Burbank , CA 91521-7667 United States of America Guest Services For questions related to children 's privacy , you may also telephone Guest Services at ( 877 ) 466-6669 . 
Tribune Company is a diverse multimedia company and , together with its Affiliates , operates daily newspapers , television stations , a digital broadcast program network , and news , entertainment , and information websites . In this Privacy Policy , Affiliates refers to our subsidiaries and entities that Tribune or its subsidiaries operate or have an ownership interest in . This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect through the websites , mobile applications , electronic devices , kiosks , and all other interactive services whereby data is transmitted ( hereinafter the Services ) operated by Tribune Company and its subsidiaries ( collectively we or us ) regardless of how you access the Services , unless such website , mobile application , electronic device , kiosk , or other interactive service has a separate Privacy Policy specific to such website , application , device , kiosk , or interactive service . The Policy describes :  The information we collect and how we collect it ; What we do with the information we collect ; Information sharing and disclosure ; How you can access and update your information ; How we protect information ; Linked sites and advertisements ; Users from outside the United States ; Children ; How to contact us ; Your California privacy rights ; No rights of third parties ; and Changes to this policy . How we collect and store information depends on the websites you visit , the activities in which you participate and the Services you use . You can use some of the Services without providing any information other than that automatically collected as described below . We may collect information about you during your use of the Services , including your name , username , password , email address , postal address , phone number , mobile phone number , payment information , gender , birth year , and information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things , such as :  Enter registration information for one or more of our Services ; Enter a sweepstakes or contest or register for a promotion ; Participate in voting or polling activities ; Make a purchase ; Request certain features ( e.g. , newsletters , updates , and other products ) ; Sign up to receive SMS ( text message ) notifications ; Download or use one of our mobile applications ; Connect with the Services or otherwise allow us to access certain information about you via a social networking site ( SNS ) ; or Post user-generated content to or on any of our Services . We may collect and store your user ID associated with a SNS account that you use to sign in to your Tribune account or connect or use with the Services . When you sign in to your Tribune account or mobile application with your SNS account information or otherwise connect to your SNS account with the Services , you authorize Tribune to collect , store , and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to Tribune through the SNS interface , including without limitation any information that you have made public in connection with your SNS account , information that the SNS shares with us , or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process . We may also combine information that we collect from you with information we obtain about you from third parties and Affiliates and information derived from any other subscription , product , or service we provide . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online . Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services , such as via SNSs , on message boards , chat areas or in advertising or notices you post , that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties . When you use the Services , we use persistent and session cookies and other tracking technologies to : ( a ) store your username and password ; ( b ) analyze the usage of our sites and Services ; ( c ) customize the Services to your preferences ; and ( d ) control the advertising displayed by the Services . We may also use other Internet technologies , such as Flash technologies , Web beacons or pixel tags , and other similar technologies , to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of the Services ( including to serve you ads when you are on other websites or the Internet when we can access those cookies ) . We also may include Web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened . As we adopt additional technology , we may also gather additional information through other methods . We use these automated technologies to collect and analyze certain types of information we consider to be non-personal information , including : ( a ) information related to the devices you use to access or interact with our services , such as : IP addresses , geolocation information ( as described further below ) , unique device identifiers and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device ( s ) , browser types , browser language ; and ( b ) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services , such as : referring and exit pages and URLs , platform type , the number of clicks , domain names , landing pages , pages viewed and the order of those pages , the amount of time spent on particular pages , the date and time you used the Services , and other similar information . We may also capture other data , such as search criteria and results . In some cases , we will associate this information with a unique Tribune identifier ( that can not be used by itself to identify you ) for our internal use , in which case your Tribune identifier will be considered Tribune information and nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts how Tribune may use this information . Most browsers automatically accept cookies , but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser 's toolbar . If you choose to decline cookies , please note that you may not be able to sign in , customize , or use some of the interactive features of the Services . Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies , and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies . To learn more about how to manage flash cookies , you can visit the Adobe website and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel . Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Services may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device to collect non-personal information about your use of the Services . We also allow other third parties ( e.g. , ad networks and ad servers ) to serve tailored ads to you on the Services , and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services . We neither have access to , nor does this Policy govern , the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer , mobile phone , or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated , third-party ad technology , ad servers , ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties . Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below . You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser . If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising , you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative 's website and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance 's website . You also can control advertising cookies from Google , by using its Ads Preference Manager . Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services , you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out of tailored advertising . When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements . Each operating system , iOS for Apple phones , Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements . You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements . For any other devices and/or operating systems , please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator . We may collect different types of information about your location , including general information ( e.g. , IP address , zip code ) and more specific information ( e.g. , GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services ) , and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information , advertising , and features . For example , if you provide a zip code that indicates that you live in Chicago , the Services may be customized with Chicago-specific information and advertisements . In order to do this , your location information may be passed along to our Affiliates , agents , vendors or advertisers . If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information , you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device , provided your device allows you to do this . See your device manufacturer 's instructions for further details . We use the information that we collect for the following purposes : For the purposes for which you provided it ; To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us ; To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks ; To notify you about new features of the Services , special events , or products , services , and special offers ; To administer sweepstakes and contests ; To process and respond to your inquiries ; To contact you with information that we believe will be of interest to you ; To attribute content that you make available through the Services ; To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Service usage patterns ; To analyze the accuracy , effectiveness , usability , or popularity of the Services ; To improve the content and features of the Services or develop new Services ; To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Services ; To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services ; and To administer and troubleshoot the Services . The Services are supported by advertising revenue . We will send you commercial email on behalf of ourselves , our Affiliates , and advertisers . Each such email we send you will have an opt-out that you can use to stop receiving such communications . We may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you . Our use and disclosure of aggregated , anonymized , and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy , and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose . We will make your information available to other companies , websites , applications or people in the circumstances described below : We may rent , sell , or share your information with non-affiliated third parties : ( a ) in order to provide services or products that you have requested ; ( b ) when we have your permission ; or ( c ) as described in this Privacy Policy . We may share your information with any Affiliate or agent of Tribune Company in order to provide the Services or advertising or to communicate with you on our behalf . When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes , your information may also be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers , operators , or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers ' , operators ' , or sponsors ' privacy policies or practices . We may disclose your information in response to any subpoenas , court orders , or other legal process we receive , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims . We may share your information with third-party advertisers and advertising networks or others with which we have a contractual relationship . We may disclose your information when we believe it appropriate in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding possible illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of the Terms of Service for the Services you accessed , and/or to protect our rights and property . As we continue to develop our business , we may sell , buy , merge or partner with other companies or businesses . In such transactions , user information may be among the transferred assets . To ensure that you have some control over the information we have about you , you may review and update certain user profile information by logging in to the relevant portions of the Services where such information may be updated ( may be available on some Services and not others ) or by contacting us at privacy @ tribune.com . We have implemented reasonable administrative , technical , and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access , destruction or alteration of your information . Despite our best efforts , however , no security measures are completely impenetrable . The Services may contain links to third-party websites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites . We have relationships with third-party providers to provide content , products , services , and functionality through the Services . When you visit sites or use any Services provided in conjunction with one or more of these third-party providers and the brands of those providers appear on the site or Services in connection with such content , products , services , or functionality , we may share any information you provide or that is collected during your use of those Services with those providers . In some cases , the provider may collect information from you directly , in which case the provider 's privacy policy ( which may differ from this Privacy Policy ) would apply . If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of any of our providers , you should contact the provider directly for more information . The Services are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law . If you are using the Services from outside the United States , please be aware that your information may be transferred to , stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our databases are operated . The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country . By using the Services , you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in our Privacy Policy . The Services are not intended for persons under the age of 13 . We require that only persons 13 years of age or older use the Services . By using the Services , you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old . Some third parties , such as platform providers like the iTunes Store or Google Play may provide age-based ratings on some of the Services . These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation . Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services . These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation . If you have any questions , comments , or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices , please send an email to privacy @ tribune.com . California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year , free of charge , a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information ( if any ) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year , as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties . If you are a California resident and would like to request this information , please submit your request in an email to privacy @ tribune.com . This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties . Tribune Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time . Please check this page periodically for changes . Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes . If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify you by email or by means of a notice on our website . 
Privacy Policy Thank you for visiting Examiner.com . The Examiner.com website , including any online environments made available by Examiner.com ( collectively , the " Site " ) is operated by Clarity Digital Group LLC d/b/a Examiner.com ( " Examiner.com " ) . Your privacy on the Internet is extremely important to us , and we want to make your experience on our Site satisfying and safe . This Privacy Policy applies to information about you collected through our Site . This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site . We collect two types of information through our Site . " PII " means " personally identifiable information , " which is information that identifies you personally , either alone or in combination with other information available to us ( including without limitation your name , address , email address , telephone number , age , background , or other personal information ) . " Non-PII " means " non-personally identifiable information " or information which alone does not identify you ( however , in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual ) . By using our Site , you are agreeing to the collection , use , and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy . If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , please email us at legal @ examiner.com . In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site or to participate in certain programs , you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII through our Site . The use of these services or capabilities or participation in these programs is purely optional , so you are not required to submit any PII to Examiner.com if you do not wish to do so . For example , you may wish to provide PII to Examiner.com in connection with applying to become an Examiner on our Site ( or providing further information once you are an Examiner , such as information in an Examiner 's " bio " ) ; creating a profile on our Site ; applying to become an advertiser or sponsor on our Site ; sharing content from our Site ; participation in online forums , commenting features , communities , surveys , contests , sweepstakes , referral programs or other promotions ; registration on our Site for any other reason ; or submitting feedback to us . This information may include your name , address , email address , and other information you voluntarily provide to us , as well as information we may track regarding the articles you have viewed on our Site . We also collect Non-PII through our Site . The Non-PII collected does not by itself identify you personally . However , if you have registered on the Site , it may be possible for us to link certain Non-PII to information that identifies you personally . Non-PII collected by Examiner.com includes : information sent to us automatically by your web browser such as your IP address , the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site , information on your operating system ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer , Safari ) ; the date and time of your visit ; user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site ; and search terms you may enter in our Search function . This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers ' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience . We track additional information regarding certain actions by Examiners on or through our Site , such as usage of various environments and tools offered to Examiners , participation in our educational offerings for Examiners , participation in loyalty programs offered to Examiners , posting of content on our Site , and other actions on our Site . Certain third party service providers also track Non-PII of users who visit our Site . This is described further below . In order to improve your experience when using our Site , we , our third party service providers or advertisers may place a text file called a " cookie " in the browser files of your computer , which stores your preferences and may be used to help personalize your experience . We , our third party service providers or advertisers may also use " web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor behavior and collect certain data regarding the actions of our users online . These cookies and other technologies may be used to track user traffic patterns , to enhance your experience when using our Site , to persist information through your session , to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections , to target advertising or content to you as described further below , and to collect Non-PII about you and your visit to our Site for other marketing and business purposes . You can adjust your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . Disabling cookies may result in a less complete experience while using the Site . We use third party companies to serve ads on our Site , to provide us with data collection , ad response measurement , ad or content targeting , and other marketing or related services . We have granted permission to these companies ( some of which are listed below ) and certain advertisers or customers of these companies to use cookies , web beacons , pixel tags or similar technologies in order to collect Non-PII about our users ( subject to their own privacy guidelines ) for purposes of generating advertisements and other content targeted to your interests , and for other data collection , response measurement , marketing and related business purposes . Following are links to the privacy policies of some of our ad serving and data collection partners , which are subject to change from time to time :  DoubleClick- http : //www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html Audience Science- http : //www.audiencescience.com/privacy.asp QuantCast- http : //www.quantcast.com/privacy Lotame- http : //www.lotame.com/privacy Blue Kai - http : //www.bluekai.com/privacypolicy.php The Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) , a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere , provides a website offering more information about behavioral advertising practices and your choices about not having certain Non-PII used by certain companies in order to target advertisements to you , as well as information about NAI and third party ad servers in general . You may visit the NAI site at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . Examiner.com or our third party service providers may use PII or Non-PII collected on our Site : To enhance or personalize your experience using our Site ; To inform you of offers or new features that we believe may be of interest to you ; To provide information or services you have requested ; To process or maintain your registration on the Site ; To process orders and facilitate advertisements or sponsorships on our Site ; In connection with various programs , promotions or contests in which you participate ; For targeting of advertising or content , or other advertising or marketing purposes ; To study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site and to improve our Site ; To analyze where we are getting our audience ( by reviewing IP addresses ) ; For other purposes related to the business of Examiner.com ; And for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement you may enter with Examiner.com including , if applicable , the Examiners Independent Contractor Agreement and License ) , or otherwise as we may disclose to you or to which you consent from time to time . Examiner.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers , sponsors and partners . This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively , and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests . We will not intentionally collect ( nor intentionally provide to an advertiser or sponsor ) information that a personally-identified user clicked on any particular ad . However , by clicking on , otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad , you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad , and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites . We may share your PII with : ( i ) our current or future affiliates , subsidiaries , parent company , or other related entities ( " Examiner.com Entities " ) ; ( ii ) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf ( such as data storage , web hosting , Examiner application processing , or other services ) ; and ( iii ) carefully selected third parties for purposes relating to content creation or distribution deals , selected Examiner.com or third party promotions we believe would be of interest to you , reward programs ( such as the " Examiner Perks " program offered to current Examiners ) , marketing activities , ad targeting as described above , or other purposes relevant to the business of Examiner.com . PII submitted by purchasers of advertisements on our Site may be shared with companies processing such orders , and companies otherwise enabling such advertisements on behalf of Examiner.com . An Examiner 's participation in the Examiner referral program represents the referring Examiner 's consent to the disclosure of that Examiner 's name to any person he or she refers who inquires as to the source of the referral . We may also disclose the PII and Non-PII we collect through our Site when we , in good faith , believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or legal process ( including a court order or subpoena ) ; to prevent or investigate a possible crime , such as fraud or identity theft ; to enforce the Examiner.com Terms of Use or other agreements that you have entered into with Examiner.com Entities or that govern your use of our Site ; to protect the rights , property or safety of Examiner.com , our users or others ; or to protect your vital interests . We may share analyses of our server logs , including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience , with current or potential advertisers or business partners . Such disclosures will refer only to general , aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information . Information submitted to our Site is an asset of Examiner.com and will become part of our normal business records . Your PII may be transferred to another company that acquires the stock or assets of Examiner.com , for example , as the result of a sale , merger , reorganization , dissolution or liquidation . If such a transfer occurs , the acquiring company 's use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy , and any privacy choices you selected in your online profile on our Site . Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section , by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy , and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosures described in this Privacy Policy . If you choose to participate as an Examiner on our Site you choose to register and create a profile as a user of our Site , or you choose to post comments on our Site , please be aware that your profile , your Examiner bio ( if applicable ) and any information you post on our Site ( within your profile , comments , or otherwise ) , including without limitation your name , photo , and any PII you provide in your public profile , as well as certain information regarding your actions on our Site ( such as your favorite Examiners or subscriptions to Examiners ) , will automatically be visible to the general public , and will potentially remain on the Site indefinitely . Without limitation , this means that if you are an Examiner , your name , photo , and bio information you submit in connection with the articles you post on our Site , will remain on our Site even following termination of your status as an Examiner . To the extent you have posted PII in your public user profile , in articles or comments on the Site , or otherwise in a publicly displayed manner on our Site , that information is available to the general public and can be used in connection with distribution and promotion of such content to third parties , for news reporting related to the article or comment in which the PII is located on our Site , or for other similar purposes , due to the fact that the information became public when you posted it on our Site . If you choose to make your comments available to view on third party websites , such comments are subject to those third parties ' websites ' policies , and responses to such comments made on those third parties ' websites ' may also appear on our Site . Third party websites , including our partners , advertisers , affiliates and other content providers featured on our Site or accessible through links on our Site , may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices . You may encounter these third party sites through links in Examiners ' articles , third party content widgets or excerpts on our Site , advertisements , features , contests , sweepstakes or other promotions featured or accessible via links from our Site . We do not have any control over these third parties ' use of the information you may provide to them . Examiner.com is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites . You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party 's information on a feature or page operated by a third party . Examiner.com is headquartered in the United States and has related entities in Canada , and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to Examiner.com in the United States and may be shared with Examiner.com Entities in Canada or elsewhere . You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by Examiner.com and any Examiner.com Entities , or any of the other parties listed in the immediately preceding paragraph " Sharing of Information , " whether located in the United States or any other countries , for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy , or for any other specific purposes to which you consent . If you are located in a country other than the United States , you should note that , at present , the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing " adequate protection " for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries . Please know , however , that no matter where your personal information is collected , used , transferred or stored , if it was collected through the Examiner.com Site , it will be protected by the terms of this Privacy Policy . YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE USE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE MANNER SET FORTH HEREIN . Consistent with the Federal Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ( COPPA ) , we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent . The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13 . If you are under the age of 13 , do not provide us with any PII . If we learn that someone under 13 has provided PII to the Site , we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases . Examiner.com operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems . Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary . Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site 's users . We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect , use and disclose your PII . If you have registered on our Site in any manner ( including as an Examiner ) , you may update or modify your information or change your preferences at any time by logging in to the applicable section of our Site using your user name and password , and updating your user profile . If you have not registered on our Site or you are having trouble updating your profile and you wish to review or modify PII we may have collected about you , please email us at legal @ examiner.com . We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy , at any time and without prior notice , by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site . Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all information collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy . You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked " Privacy Policy " at the bottom of each page of our Site . This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 28 , 2011 
Privacy Policy For the privacy policy of MONEY , FORTUNE , or FORTUNE Small Business magazine , operated by Time , Inc. , please click the appropriate link : MONEY FORTUNE FORTUNE Small Business Thank you for visiting CNNMoney.com , a site presented to you by Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. ( " Turner " ) . Your privacy is important to us . As such , we provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this general audience Turner site , and among Turner 's network of affiliated websites ( " Turner Network " ) , which includes any sites or services owned , operated or offered by or on behalf of Turner or its affiliates . At some Turner Network sites , you can order products , enter contests , vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion , subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters , or participate in one of our online forums or communities . In the course of these various offerings , we often seek to collect from you various forms of personal information . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include : name , address , e-mail address , telephone number , fax number , credit card information , and information about your interests in and use of various products , programs , and services . At some Turner Network sites , you may also be able to submit information about other people . For example , you might submit a person 's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and , if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient , you might submit the recipient 's name and address . Examples of the types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include : recipient 's name , address , e-mail address , and telephone number . At certain parts of some of our sites , only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products , programs , and services or otherwise participate in the site 's activities and offerings . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit any of our sites . A representative list of the types of non-personally identifiable information collected may include : current Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using ( e.g. , Firefox , Internet Explorer ) , the type of operating system you are using , ( e.g. , Microsoft Windows or Mac OS ) , the domain name of your Internet service provider ( e.g. , Comcast , Verizon or AT&T ) , the web pages you have visited , sites visited before and after you visit a site on the Turner Network , the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the site ( e.g. , iPhone , Blackberry ) , location information , the content and advertisements you have accessed , seen , forwarded and/or clicked on . You also can engage with our content , such as video , games , applications , and other offerings , on or through third-party social networking sites , such as Facebook , and Turner Network or third-party social media plug-ins and applications . When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites , plug-ins or applications , you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile ( e.g. , name , e-mail address , photo , gender , birthday , location , user files like photos and videos , your list of friends , people you follow and/or who follow you , the posts or the ' likes ' you make , etc. )  to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application . We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , content viewed , game performance , high scores , and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on ) from your interaction with our content . Through some social networking sites ' privacy settings , you can control what data you share . For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information , please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use . We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products , programs , and services , to respond to your inquiries about our offerings , to offer you other products , programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you , to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our sites , and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information . We sometimes use this information to communicate with you , such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service , to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter , or to contact you about your account with us . We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our sites , and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected . The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience . We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and , from time to time , to offer you products , programs , services or customized experiences . If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , comments sent to our television personalities , a posting to a blog or a discussion board , a video ) , we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us . We may on occasion combine information we collect through our sites with information that we collect from other sources . Without limiting the generality of the foregoing , if you register and create a profile with our site , the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile ( e.g. , photos , comments , video , reviews ) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion . We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our sites , to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience . We also may use this information to analyze usage of our sites or content , as well as to offer you products , programs , or services . When you provide information from your social media account , it can help enable us to do things like ( 1 ) give you exclusive content , ( 2 ) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites , ( 3 ) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news , special offerings , and rewards , and ( 4 ) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites . By doing so , you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy . When you provide personal information to us through an application , on our sites , or on social networking sites , it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we can not prevent further use of the information by third parties . We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process , for example , in response to a court order or a subpoena . We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency 's request , or where we believe it is necessary to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our terms of use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements . In addition , we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we , or one of our business units , are acquired by , sold to , merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity . Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us . Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information , we can not assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement . We may disclose personally identifiable information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement ( e.g. , other marketers , magazine publishers , retailers , participatory databases , and non-profit organizations ) that want to market products or services to you . If a Turner Network site shares personally identifiable information , it will provide you with an opportunity to opt out or block such uses either at the point of submission of your personally identifiable information or prior to any such disclosure . If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this site , follow the " unsubscribe " instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this site . To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities , we may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties . To enhance your online experience , we use " cookies " or similar technologies . Cookies are text files placed in your computer 's browser to store your preferences . Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information ; however , once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information , this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie . We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content , offerings or advertisements on our sites . For example , we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our sites ( e.g. , to recognize you by name when you return to a site ) , save your password in password-protected areas , and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites . We also may use cookies to help us offer you products , programs , or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies , or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Turner Network and/or other networks or sites . This also helps us , our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising . The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content . Sites on the Turner Network employ locally stored objects ( sometimes referred to as " Flash cookies " ) in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming , video on demand , video clips or animation . Flash ( and similar applications ) use this technology to remember settings , preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser . You can access your Flash management tools from Adobe 's website directly . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies or our partners may also use " web beacons " or clear .gifs , or similar technologies , which are small pieces of code placed on a web page , to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page . For example , web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page . At this time sites on the Turner Network do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms , which may include " do not track " instructions . However , you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser . You may set your browser to accept all cookies , block certain cookies , require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser , or block all cookies . Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at Turner Network sites . Please consult the " Help " section of your browser for more information . Some of our sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook , Twitter , LinkedIn , etc. , whose information practices may be different than ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . Turner Network sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content ( e.g. , contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , applications , or social network integrations ) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties . By virtue of these relationships , the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity . We have no control over these third parties ' use of this information . The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information . We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection , reporting , ad response measurement , and site analytics , as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements . These third parties may view , edit or set their own cookies . We , our third party service providers , advertisers , advertising networks and platforms , agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties . The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement . Our goal at the Turner Network is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you . Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which sites on the Turner Network are known . Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing , but we also provide ads tailored to your interests . Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests , we will enhance your experience across the Turner Network 's diverse websites . For example , if you often visit content on the Turner Network about travel , we may use " web beacons " to infer your possible interest in travel and may deliver an ad to you related to that interest . It 's important to understand that these technologies use anonymous identifiers within the " cookies " stored in your browser . We offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads . To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you , please visit our AdChoices page . Turner is a participant in the online industry 's self regulatory program administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ( the " DAA " ) and has agreed to adhere to the DAA 's principles applicable to interest-based ads . Please visit the Self Regulatory Program site for more information about the DAA , the self regulatory principles and choices you can make regarding interest-based ads . You may find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) at the NAI site . Turner operates globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally . In particular , your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate . The data protection and other laws of other countries , such as the United States , may not be as comprehensive as those in your country . Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected . By using this site you consent to your information being collected , used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access , to maintain data security , and to use correctly the information we collect online . Access to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites and that we maintain may be available to you . For example , if you created a password-protected account within our site , you can access that account to review the information you provided . You may also send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information . For verification purposes please include your first name , last name , e-mail address and the password you use for such service . E-mail Administration Turner Broadcasting System , Inc . Attention : Privacy One CNN Center , 13 North Atlanta , GA 30303 email : privacy.cnn @ turner.com The Privacy Statement posted on this site was updated in November , 2013 . Link to top 
Introduction This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 11 , 2012 . This web sites which are located at the domain cnbc.com ( the " Site " ) are operated by CNBC LLC ( " CNBC " or we or our or us ) . Your privacy is important to us . This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you , what we do with it , with whom we share it , and how you can correct or change such information . It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully , especially before providing any personal data through the Site . This Site is operated in and controlled from the United States of America . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Site , or if you wish to unsubscribe from Site services for which you have previously registered , please contact us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com or at the address at the end of this policy . PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY . YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE . Personal Data : Personally Identifiable Information ( Personal Data ) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual , such as your name , email address , home address , phone number and credit card information . This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site , for example when you register for our Subscription Services , including without limitation , CNBC Plus ; subscribe for newsletters ; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards ; participate in chat rooms , blogs or other user forums ; respond to polls or surveys ; purchase merchandise via the Site ; register for sweepstakes , contests and other promotional opportunities ; or seek help from our customer service departments . We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline , or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices ( Other Services ) . Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical , you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us . We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties , such as credit agencies . Aggregate and Anonymous Data : Aggregate and anonymous data are information collected automatically through the operation of the Site ( " AA Data " ) . We may collect site usage data ( such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence ) through the use of various technologies . For example , we collect IP addresses from individuals who visit the Site . An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you 're surfing the Web . Web servers , the computers that " serve up " Web pages , automatically identify your computer by its IP address , and when you request a page from a website , its servers log your IP address . We do not link IP addresses to any Personal Data , so although your session will be logged , you will remain anonymous to us and the Site . We may also collect password information from you when you log in , as well as computer and connection information such as browser type or version . During some visits , we may use software tools , such as Javascript , to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , time spent on certain pages , page interaction information , and methods used to browse away from the page . Like many sites , we use " cookies " or other similar technologies to collect AA Data . A cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site . Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience , for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences , allowing you to visit member only portions of the Site without re-registering , and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry , such as sweepstakes . Similarly , if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions , using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order ( Clickstream Data ) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies . If you prefer , you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent , but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so . In addition , we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called pixel tags , web beacons , clear GIFs or similar means ( collectively , Pixel Tags ) embedded in the Site 's content . A Pixel Tag is an electronic image , often a single pixel ( 1x1 ) , that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors ' hard drives . This information is anonymous data . Personal Data : We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided . For example , if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter or a text messaging service , to enter a contest or a sweepstake , or to purchase goods or services , we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services . We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features , services and other offerings that may be of interest to you . We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give those businesses your name or address . Under certain circumstances ( for example if you win a contest ) we may post your Personal Data on the Site . We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and , if possible , when the Personal Data is posted . Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you . If any AA Data are linked with Personal Data , the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data . AA Data : We may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis . In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services , CNBC often conducts research on its customer demographics , interests and behavior based on Personal Data we gather . Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data , it does not identify you personally . CNBC may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties , including its affiliates , agents , and current and prospective business partners . We may use AA Data collected from the Site for site administration , advertising and promotional purposes , and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes . For example , IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide AA Data to advertisers about the volume of use on the Site , and Clickstream Data and demographic AA Data may be shared with our advertisers and business partners . We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess technology that allows the Site to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Site . This data ( including Clickstream Data about your activities on our Site ) may be shared with these companies for this purpose . Disclosure to Affiliates : Personal Data collected by this Site may be shared with our affiliates which include other entities owned or controlled by NBCUniversal Media , LLC ( " NBCUniversal " ) . We reserve the right to share both Personal Data with our affiliates . If you do not want us to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies for their marketing purposes , you may opt-out of such sharing by contacting us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com ( see Your Choices below )  Disclosure to Third Parties : CNBC , like many businesses , sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site , maintaining databases , administering contests , providing wireless services , mailing information and processing payments . When we employ a third party to perform these functions , that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data it needs to perform its function , and is required to protect the Personal Data . With your consent , we may also share Personal Data with pre-screened third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes . We will provide you with an opportunity to elect or decline these services or opportunities ( see Your Choices below ) . In the event you have elected to unsubscribe from any of our services , we will share your Personal Data with third parties with whom we jointly offer such services solely to the extent necessary to ensure that your request not to receive such communications is honored . In addition , for third-party sponsored sweepstakes , contests or promotions , we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request . When you register on the Site you will be able to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing on the Member Center page . Disclosure to Others : In addition , we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to : ( 1 ) protect the legal rights , privacy or safety of CNBC , or its subsidiaries , affiliates or its or their employees , agents and contractors ; ( 2 ) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties ; ( 3 ) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes ; ( 4 ) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities ; ( 5 ) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain ; ( 6 ) enforce our Terms of Service ; or ( 7 ) comply with the law or legal process . If NBCUniversal or CNBC sells all or part of this Site or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer , we may , in our sole discretion , transfer , sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction . Upon such transfer , the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data . This Site includes third-party advertising . These third parties ' websites and advertisers , or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf , may use technology to send ( or serve ) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser . They automatically receive your IP address when this happens . They also automatically receive and record information from your computer and browser , including your cookie information . They may also use cookies , Javascript , Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements , collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements , and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad or to customize the advertising content you see ( but not your name , address , or other Personal Data ) . CNBC lets the companies that show advertisements on the Site , set and access their cookies on your computer . The third parties ' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies . For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies , and how to " opt out " of information collection by these companies , we suggest you visit http : //doubleclick.net/privacy_policy or http : //networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site . For instance , clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site . Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement . These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not . Once you 've left this Site , this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Data or any other data collected from or provided by you . You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how that site will handle such data . You can use the Site and certain Other Services without providing any Personal Data , but if you decline to provide Personal Data , you may not be able to use certain services or features . If you have previously provided Personal Data to the Site and have subscribed to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from the Site and you do not want to receive such emails , please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the " unsubscribe " link at the bottom of any message , visiting the Member Center section of the Site or contacting us at : customercare @ support.cnbc.com . You may opt-out of receiving offers from us and related products and services offered by third parties by adjusting your Site preferences at our Member Center link on the home page . If you ask that we stop using your Personal Data , we will honor that request . However we will retain records of your Personal Data as needed in order to comply with applicable federal , state , or local law . If you would like to review , correct or change the Personal Data that you have previously provided us , please go to the Member Center section of the Site and follow the appropriate instructions or contact us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com . We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children . At various places on the Site or Other Services , we may ask users for their age . By using the Site or Other Services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age . Children under the age of 13 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Data on the Site or Other Services . Please remember that information posted to message boards , chat rooms , blogs and other user forums becomes public information . Use caution when posting . Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public . Please see our Terms of Service for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site or Other Services . CNBC takes reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Data that you choose to provide against the loss , misuse , alteration or unauthorized access of such information . Unfortunately , no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure . It may be possible for third parties not under the control of CNBC to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully . While we strive to protect your Personal Data , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us . Any such transmission is done at your own risk . If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure , please notify us of the problem by contacting us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com . This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to CNBC on or through this Site or Other Services . Please see our Terms of Service for our policies regarding such Unsolicited Information . All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential , and CNBC shall be free to reproduce , use , disclose and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution . Your access to and use of this Site or Other Services is subject to the Terms of Service . We control and operate this Site from the United States . The Site is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction . Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws , rules and regulations . From time to time , we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives , changes in the law or technology , or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use . If we make revisions to the way we collect or use Personal Data , we may provide notice of those changes by either : ( 1 ) announcing the change on the home page of the Site or ( 2 ) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances , including without limitation , posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on the Site . You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the Last Updated legend at the top of this page . Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet , accessible through the Site . By continuing to use the Site following such changes , you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes . If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy , as it may be amended from time to time , in whole or in part , please do not continue using this Site . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , Personal Data gathered by this Site or Other Services , or about the operation of this Site or Other Services , or if you wish to unsubscribe from the Site or Other Services , please contact us at customercare @ support.cnbc.com , or at the address listed below . cnbc.com Customer Care Department 900 Sylvan Avenue Englewood Cliffs , NJ 07632 
PRIVACY STATEMENT REVISED AS OF OCTOBER 30 , 2013 About Our Privacy Statement The Weather Underground , LLC ( " Weather Underground " ) is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect , use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information . " Services " include Weather Underground 's wunderground.com website , wxquickie.com , weatherquicke.com , wundermap.com ( the " Sites " ) , and other Internet enabled or wireless means by which Weather Underground provides content to you or receives content from you , including , without limitation , downloadable software applications ( including Desktop Gadget and Dashboard Widget desktop applications ) , mobile web sites , mobile downloadable applications including WunderRadio , content and blog submission services , chat rooms , SMS messaging , and delivery of Weather Underground and WunderRadio content to you at your request. )  " Services " also includes alert products . We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience and reinforce the trust that you place in Weather Underground 's products and services . In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services , Weather Underground may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " ) from you including your name , e-mail address , address , and phone number . For example , we collect PII when you become a member , sign up your weather station or webcam or weather radio , sign up for email or text alerts , sign up for our API ( weather information for use on certain platforms ) , the Weather Desktop Gadget desktop application . Other examples of when we collect personally identifiable information are when you :  Complete a survey Register for a promotion , contest or sweepstakes Send us an e-mail message or complete an inquiry form to receive additional information Submit a photo to WunderPhoto Report your weather conditions Participate in an online forum or community , Request tweets from us , or Customize the Services . We also may collect certain information through automated means , such as :  Specific geographic location where you are currently located Information about your device and device capabilities Information about your device operating system Information about the applications on your device Information about how you use the Services Your activities on the Services IP address Device identifier Carrier Browser Type Browser Identifier Referring URL Chat Sessions , Blogs , and Submissions In the case of participation in a chat session , we require that you use the handle you selected when you registered . Please be aware that chat sessions are recorded and may be monitored . Any information including personally identifiable information , that you submit during a chat session , in blog comments , in community discussions , in any other user comment field , or in connection with your content submissions , including photo submissions , can be read , collected , or used by others who access them , and could be used by other users to send you unsolicited messages . We are not responsible for the information , including personally identifiable information , you choose to submit in these forums . Content Submissions . If you upload or rate photos in WunderPhoto or blog comments , you have to be registered and logged into this feature , and you will be required to provide us with a handle and email address . If you provide us with content , including , without limitation , submissions to WunderPhoto and user comments , any metadata , including , without limitation , geo-location and tags , in that content will become publicly available . Location Information . In certain instances in our Services , you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location . For that Service , we will ask you to input specific location such as address , city and state . latitude and longitude , country , neighborhood name , beach location , or zip code . To offer you certain Services , provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location , and engage in the other uses described below , on some devices we provide you the option to opt-in to allow us to use your physical geographic location using GPS , cellular network location based services on your device , or browser services . You may at any time opt-out from these geo-location services by going to the settings on your mobile device . If you have the WunderRadio mobile application installed on your Microsoft Windows 7 device , you may also opt-out from geo-location by going to the " Settings " menu in the application and toggling location services off . Toggling location services off may also disable certain services in the application . Alerts and notifications . In certain of our Services , you have the ability to receive push notifications for weather related updates . To provide these services , we may need to collect your email address , phone number , device information , and mobile carrier information , in addition to the zip code or geographic area to which the alert , update or notification pertains . If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications you may opt-out by turning them off within the settings of your mobile device or the particular Service for which you registered . One of the most valuable assets of our business is you . Except as described below , Weather Underground does not rent , sell or share personally identifiable information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies . A. Weather Underground and its Affiliates We use information collected on the Services , and disclose information to third parties , including your physical geographic location , to help fulfill your requests or in connection with the operation of the Services , for example to service your account , conduct a transaction or provide a service that you have requested , display information and advertisements that we believe match your interests and profile , facilitate updates to the Services , provide support , notify you if you 've won a contest or sweepstakes , improve the working of the Services , and compile statistics about our users and your use of the Services . We and such third parties may on occasion combine information about you with information obtained from other parties to market to you products or services that may be of interest to you . If you sign up for communications from Weather Underground , they may also contain offers from third parties . At various points , we may provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive special offers from Weather Underground and its affiliates . If you choose to opt in , Weather Underground and its affiliates will use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Weather Underground and its affiliates , including The Weather Channel , LLC , WSI Corporation and Weather Central , LP . These products may include , for example , schedules for special programs on The Weather Channel cable network or offers to purchase a calendar from The Weather Channel . B . Companies Offering Promotions , Products , or Services At times we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions , products or services from third party sponsors . With your permission , Weather Underground will periodically send to you , via e-mail , offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile . In this case we do not share your information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them . You will always have the opportunity to opt- out of receiving future offers by following the unsubscribe link included with each email . In other instances , we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services . In these instances , you must explicitly consent to receive each offer . When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties , your information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested . We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties , and all information provided is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties . You should review the privacy policies of these parties before supplying personally identifiable information to them . C . Third-Party Processors When your information is collected on the Services , it may be collected directly by or shared with a selected third parties in connection with the operation of the Services or the provision of services to you ( " Third Party Processors " ) . These Third Party Processors may include , for example , companies that operate our online WunderStore , that process credit card information or handle shipping for Weather Underground , that deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service , that organize , administer , process , or provide advertising services , and/ or that analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers as well as correcting and/or updating users ' data based on information we provide them . We also provide your information to third party mapping service providers to provide you map content for the Services . Third party processors are authorized to use your information that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for Weather Underground . We require that the third party processors securely store the personally identifiable information we provide to them and maintain it so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes , and all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the personally identifiable information confidential . D . Other Web Sites , Other Services , and Links Like many Web sites on the Internet and other Internet-based services , many of our Services link to pages located on Web sites or services maintained by various other entities . In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of our Services such as in the header or footer . In that case the URL will identify the site you are visiting . In other cases , such as advertisements , you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities , including click-to-call , click-to-text , and click-to-email opportunities . These other sites and services are not bound by our privacy policy , and we are not responsible for their information collection practices . The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours , for example , with respect to the level of security , use of cookies , and collection , use and disclosure of personally identifiable information . Some of our Services allow users to interface with other sites or services , including Facebook and Twitter . You will remain logged in to those other sites and services until you log off those sites and services . By proceeding with these interfaces , you are allowing our Services to access your information on those other sites and services , and you are agreeing to those other sites ' and services ' Terms of Use . Once you log into those other sites and services , the content you post on those other sites and services may also post to our Services . Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services , and not this Privacy Policy . Some of our Services use third party operating systems , platforms , communication services , devices , and software elements ( such as mobile device operating systems , wireless services , mobile phone and tablet devices ) , and some of our Services are provided by third party distributors , device makers , device operators , platform operators , and communication services . Weather Underground does not control these third party entities , products and services , and they may collect , use , process , transmit and disclose your information . For example , these third party elements may gather information from our Services , including our applications , in a manner that overrides your settings and preferences in our Services . As Weather Underground does not control or have knowledge of their data handling practices , we recommend that you review their privacy notices , terms of use and license agreements . E. Use by us of IP Addresses , Cookies , Web Beacons , Single-pixel Gifs , and Information Saved by Other Technologies Weather Underground and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf use various Internet technologies which help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful . These Internet technologies include :  IP Addresses : numbers assigned to individual computers which accompany every packet of information across the Internet . Cookies : small electronic files transferred from our services to your electronic device . Beacons and single-pixel Gifs : electronic tags . HTML5 LocalStorage : storage within your browser on your electronic device . Information that Weather Underground collects via the technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you . Weather Underground uses the technologies described in this section , alone or in combination , to provide and administer our services , understand user behavior , manage services operations , measure the effectiveness of advertisements and our service operations , target advertising , help diagnose problems , recognize repeat visitors , track and analyze usage behavior , facilitate your access to and use of our services , serve , target , control , and measure advertisements on our Services , count users who have visited certain areas of our Services we wish to track , and help determine the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on our services . In addition , we may share demographic information , location data , IP address , aggregate ( not individual ) usage statistics for our Services , other identifiers and information with advertisers and other third parties . For example , we may share IP address , random or anonymous device identifier , city and state , ZIP code , and specific geo-location with the parties identified in subparagraph F below . Your browser may allow you to manage your cookies and HTLM5 LocalStorage . Each browser is a little different , so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies and HTML5 LocalStorage . If you turn Cookies or HTML5 Local Storage off , however , you wo n't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our Services will not function properly . Weather Underground contracts with certain Third Party Processors to track , analyze and report data about the usage of our Services using these Internet technologies . These Third Party Processors include Google Analytics , Paypal , and Omniture . F. Use of Cookie , Web Beacon and Other Technologies by Advertisers , Ad Networks , Ad Servers and Analytics Companies Weather Underground works with a variety of advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies use various technologies , and technologies from third party companies , to collect data in order to send ( or serve ) relevant ads to users . These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons , the use of HTML5 LocalStorage , the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers , or the use of other technologies on our Services , and these technologies may be used to track user behavior , to track how our Services are being used , and possibly to serve you more relevant ads . These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit . This Privacy policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers , advertising networks , advertising servers , and analytics companies . These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile website , mobile downloadable applications , and downloadable applications , and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services . You should be aware that The Weather Underground does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them . For more information about how DoubleClick , and some of the other ad networks , ad servers , analytics companies , and third party companies use the information collected by the technologies on our services and about your option not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services , please visit the following sites : DoubleClick : http : //doubleclick.net/privacy_pilocy , Nielsen : http : //www.nielsen-netratings.com/privacy/sitecensus.htm Quantcast : https : //www.quantcast.com/how-we-do-it/consumer-choice/privacy-policy/ Flurry : http : //www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html Google Analytics : http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html Omniture : http : //www.omniture.com/static/61 comScore and its affiliate , Scorecard Research : http : //www.scorecardresearch.com/Priv.html http : //networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http : //www.aboutads.info/choices These opt-outs are device specific and may not work on all devices . You should be aware that if you choose to opt out through any of these sites , this does not opt you out of being served advertising . The ads will just not be targeted to you by any party from which you have opted out . You can also opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application , uninstalling the application . G. Purchase or Sale of Businesses Weather Underground continually looks for ways to improve our business , including purchasing or selling all or part of a business or company . If we buy or sell a business , personally identifiable information and non-personal information will likely be transferred as part of the sale . If we buy a business , we will honor the requests of that business ' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information . If in connection with a sale there will be material changes to the way personally identifiable information is being used , affected consumers who have provided us with an email address will be notified via e-mail , if you have provided us an email address , and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . H . Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission ( i ) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas , warrants , or orders or otherwise to comply with law ; ( ii ) where The Weather Underground believes the rights , property or an individual 's safety or security is at risk ; iii ) if we find that your actions violate our Terms and Conditions of Use ; or iv ) where otherwise required by law . If you choose to use our service that allows you to e-mail parts of our Services to a friend , in most circumstances we need to have access to your and your friend 's e- mail addresses temporarily to send the e-mail due to technical requirements . This information is not used for any other purpose . Some mobile products allow you to view weather conditions for people in your phone 's contact list . If you agree to use this feature , your contact list will be accessed in order for us to provide weather information for your contacts who already have their address , city , state , or zip code available . We do not store this information or use it for any other purpose . If you receive an offer or promotion from Weather Underground or a third party related to Weather Underground , you must have opted in . To ensure we have your consent , we make sure that each e-mail sent to you by Weather Underground presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails . If you have registered with us and have obtained a password , you may reset your password , update your personally identifiable information , correct information , make changes to your preferences , unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or opt-out of certain services , by accessing your profile online at the member settings page or within the settings of a particular application or you may contact us directly at wuhelp @ wunderground.com . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you Services , contact us at wuhelp @ wunderground.com . Subject to applicable law , we will retain and use your account information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Weather Underground is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents ' or guardians ' consent before giving out any personally identifiable information . The Services may contain links to third party Web sites and other services geared to children . The linked sites and services are not under the control of Weather Underground . We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or service or any link contained in a linked site or service , nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites or services with respect to children . We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the privacy policies of all linked sites and services . Weather Underground , and all associated Services and systems , including registration , is housed on servers operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect ( including cookies ) will be processed and stored in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen . By using our Services and providing information to use , you consent to the transfer to and processing of the information in the United States . Keeping the information you provide to Weather Underground secure is important to us . We have put in place appropriate physical , electronic and managerial procedures designed to protect and safeguard your data . Of course , although Weather Underground uses standard industry practices to protect your personally identifiable information , we can not guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted , or that your personally identifiable information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties . Weather Underground reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather , how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone . All changes to this policy will be posted on our Web site prior to the time they take effect . In the event that we make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information , affected consumers who have provided us with an e-mail address will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out . The Weather Underground , LLC P.O . Box 724554 Atlanta , GA 31139 DATA FEEDS If you connect to Wunderground Data Feed , you will be able to pull and to decode weather related data from the non-public website of Weather Underground , Inc . ( " WUI " ) . Your access to Wunderground Data Feed , and your use of the data pulled from Wunderground Data Feed , is subject to the Terms of Use generally applicable to all features of www.wunderground.com . ( the " Site " )  In addition , because of the special features of Wunderground Data Feed , by accessing and viewing information from Wunderground Data Feed you agree to be bound by these special terms : ( 1 ) you will not modify the data from Wunderground Data Feed in any way ; ( 2 ) you will not modify the link structure to Wunderground Data Feed ; ( 3 ) you will not modify WUI 's logo that is included in the data ; and ( 4 ) in all uses of the data , you will credit WUI by name as the source of the data . As with all data that you access from the Site , the data that you pull from Wunderground Data Feed may only be used by you for personal , non-commercial purposes . If you want to use that data for commercial purposes , contact us through the Site and we will supply you with rate information for commercial customers . If you violate any of the general or specific terms applicable to Wunderground Data Feed , WUI has the right to terminate your use of the Site and the Data Feed and to take appropriate legal actions against you . WUI reserves the right to change these general or special terms at any time by posting on the Site . You understand and agree that your use of the Site and Wunderground Data Feed is a benefit voluntarily given by WUI and that WUI may withdraw that benefit and rescind your participation at any time for any reason in its sole discretion . If you do not agree to these general and special terms , you can not use Wunderground Data Feed or the services and information offered therein . 
Privacy Policy News Life Media Pty Ltd ( News ) recognises the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about our customers . For the purposes of this Privacy Statement , the word customers includes visitors to our web sites , subscribers to and users of our services , purchasers of our products and advertising customers . We are bound by the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cth ) in relation to the handling of personal information . Where appropriate we will handle personal information relying on the media exemption ( but complying with the Australian Press Council Privacy Standards ) , related bodies corporate exemption and the employee exemption in the Privacy Act . We collect personal information when we provide our services to you . Generally we will tell you why we are collecting information when we collect it and how we plan to use it or these things will be obvious when we collect the information . We usually collect personal information directly from you although sometimes we may use agents or service providers to do this for us . We may also acquire lists from other sources , both from other companies and from other public documents . We may automatically collect personal information by collecting and tracking the unique device identifier or the universally unique identifier of the devices you use to access our services . If you access or log-in to one of our services through a third party social media service or connect your use of our service to a third party social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the third party social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have disclosed in connection with that social media service . We do not collect your passwords other than in relation to our own services . When you access our services through third party social media services or when you connect your use of our service to third party social media services , you are authorizing us to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . We usually collect personal information such as your name , address , telephone number , and in some instances , your financial details . When you are online , we collect information regarding the pages within our network which you visit and what you click on . As a general rule we do not collect sensitive information . However , if we do , it will usually be for the purposes of providing our goods or services and if the law requires us to , we will seek your consent to collect it . We use your information to provide our services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) to you , to fulfil administrative functions associated with these services , for example billing , credit and account management , to enter into contracts with you or third parties and for marketing and client relationship purposes . Where your personal information is contained within an advertisement which we publish for you , we may also use your information for publication of that same advertisement in other media , in accordance with the terms and conditions of the initial publication . Where your personal information is contained in a user generated post or in a communication to an editor or journalist , we may publish your name and suburb to identify you as the author of the comment/correspondence if we choose to publish your comment/correspondence in any media . We may share your information with other companies which are related to News Corp Australia within or outside of Australia . We or they may also , in addition to the other uses described in this policy or as permitted at law , use your personally identifiable information to assist us in improving our products and services and any of us might be in touch to let you know about goods , services , or promotions which may interest you . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with any of our services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your comments with other users of our services and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your account for any of our services with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your account for any of our services and do not participate in social sharing on any of our services . We may disclose your personal information in order to comply with Australian or foreign law . News may disclose your information to its service providers ( including technical infrastructure providers ) and contractors ( including mail houses or debt collection agencies ) from time to time but only to help us to provide , improve and market our goods and services . We may also share your information with third parties who provide prizes for competitions or reader offers . If we do any of these , we generally require the third parties to protect your information at least to the same degree that we do . If you have consented to us doing so , News may also share your information with a third party for the purpose of enabling those third parties to contact you with marketing messages . We may collect and use certain non-personal information ( e.g. , the identity of your Internet browser , the type of operating system you use , your IP address and the domain name of your Internet service provider ) to optimise our goods and services ( which on digital platforms may include the display of personalised content and advertising ) including our Web pages for your computer . We may use such non-personal information for internal purposes , including but not limited to improving the content of our sites . News may use personally identifiable information in aggregate form to improve our goods and services including our Web sites and make them more responsive to the needs of our customers . This statistical compilation and analysis of information may also be used by News or provided to others as a summary report for marketing , advertising or research purposes . News strives to ensure the security , integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information of our customers . We use a variety of physical and electronic security measures including restricting physical access to our offices and firewalls and secure databases to keep personal information secure from misuse , loss or unauthorised use or disclosure . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure . You have a right to access most personal information we hold about you and if we deny access in some circumstances we will tell you why . To request access , please contact our privacy officer as set out at the end of this document . Any information posted on bulletin boards and/or communicated in chat areas becomes public information . While News strives to protect and respect your privacy , we can not guarantee the security of any information you disclose in a chat room or bulletin board . Cookies are data that a Web site transfers to an individual 's hard drive for record-keeping purposes . Cookies can facilitate a user 's ongoing access to and use of a site . They allow us to track usage patterns and to compile data that can help us improve our content and target advertising . If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies , there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the Cookie feature . But you should note that Cookies may be necessary to provide you with features such as merchandise transactions or registered services . News may establish relationships with business partners that allow visitors to our Internet sites to link directly to sites operated by these partners . Some of these sites may be " co-branded " with our logo ; however , these sites may not be operated or maintained by or on our behalf . These sites may collect personal information from you that may be shared with us . This Privacy Statement will apply to any personal information we obtain in this manner . News is not responsible for the content or practices of Web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our sites . These links are meant for the user 's convenience only . Links to third party sites do not constitute sponsorship , endorsement or approval by News of the content , policies or practices of those third party sites . Once you have left our site via such a link , you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site . Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session . This is to ensure that others can not access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet caf . You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer . Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet that this information can be collected and used by others . In short , if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Ultimately , you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the internet . Please contact our Privacy Officer to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy or if you would like more information about our approach to privacy . Privacy Officer , News Corp Australia privacy @ news.com.au 2 Holt Street , Surry Hills , NSW 2010 +612 9288 3000 We may amend our privacy policy from time to time and personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently stated policy . We will post all changes on this page so you should revisit this page from time to time to see any changes . The date of the last update will inform you as to whether there have been changes since your last visit . Last updated : 21 June 2013 
Web Site Privacy Policy General Inquiries : For general inquiries , contact the Houston Chronicle operator at ( 713 ) 362-7171 . ( a ) This privacy policy describes how Houston Chronicle Publishing Company , a division of Hearst Newspapers , LLC , publisher of the Houston Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , " Newspaper " ) treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , " Covered Sites " ) . For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an " Affiliate " , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests . For the purposes of this policy , " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing . By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy . ( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) . This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site . Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites . ( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy . For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a " Covered Site " and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website . ( d ) Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes . ( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features . All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy . ( a ) Information You Provide . Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide . For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities . Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested . If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view . ( b ) Cookies . ( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive . Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies . Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) . Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media . We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information . Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 . Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( " Anonymous Information " ) . We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose . ( ii ) Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf . We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom . ( iii ) If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them . However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently . Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted . Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies . We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content . You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html . ( c ) Gifs . We may use " clear GIFs " ( aka " web beacons " or " pixel tags " ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message . A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message . A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information . ( d ) IP Address . Your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university . Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers . We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites . We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others . ( e ) Location Information . We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( " WAP Services " ) or mobile phone service ( " Mobile Services " ) . We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service . By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described . ( f ) Third Parties . We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper . Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy . ( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested . If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newpaper . Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner . We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries . We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers . We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below . ( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes . ( c ) Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( " User Registration " ) . You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) . You may also log-in to cancel any user User Registration . You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) . When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives . We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes . ( d ) In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q&A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper . If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you . Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising . ( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you . We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion . ( a ) In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations : ( i ) We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( " Service Provider Exception " ) . ( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing . Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection . Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest . The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies . ( iii ) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper . ( iv ) In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) . ( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you . ( vi ) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc. ) ; ( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the " Legal Exceptions " ) . ( viii ) In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( " Acquisition Exception " ) . ( b ) Social Networks . If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( " SNS " ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( " SNS Terms " ) . If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election . The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them . ( c ) Third Party Partners . Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis . Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party . In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features . Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner . We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect . These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy . One of oour third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC . The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity . Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry . Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http : //newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information . ( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content . ( i ) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you . In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies . In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content . These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner , our third party advertising companies please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit http : //alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate . Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner . You can find out more about our video ads by visiting www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html. ( ii ) In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies . This may include information we received from you offline or online . These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) . We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them . These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes . If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : http : //alc-opt-out.com . ( a ) California Users : Your California Privacy Rights ..  California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing . We have such a policy in place . Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws . In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN : Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com . Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities . Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws . For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users . ( b ) Mobile Opt-out . We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( " SMS Service " ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 . You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying " STOP " or following the instructions provided in the message . ( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper . From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at https : //myaccount.houstonchronicle.com/SecurePage/EmailNotification.aspx if you are a print subscriber , and/or http : //reg.chron.com/users/852557/edit if you have registered for email notifications on Chron.com . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN : Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com . Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site . If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link . ( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties . From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes . This may be information we received from you offline and online . If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties ( if we have your email contact information ) , you may notify us at privacy @ chron.com . If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to 801 Texas Avenue , Houston TX , 77002 , ATTN : Privacy or contacting us at privacy @ chron.com . If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages . ( e ) Exceptions . If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service . Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above . ( f ) Device Settings . Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings . If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties . Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services . We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services . If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes . Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties . To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States . We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages . We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies . By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above . You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure . We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information . Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security . The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 . If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties . Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so . There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online . If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country . By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing . You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York . This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites . Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes . Last Update : August 21 , 2013 
Privacy Policy Last Updated : November 18 , 2013 Bloomberg L.P. ( " BLP " ) respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy . This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site , any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site , information collected and provided to BLP when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications , and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way ( whether offline or online ) by BLP , its general and limited partners , and its subsidiaries , and their respective general partners and affiliates ( collectively " Bloomberg " ) , unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg ( such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications ) . BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site , on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek , or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription , which may include your name , address , e-mail address , credit card number , billing information , etc . For example , BLP or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site , request certain Bloomberg services or products , or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion . This information is used to provide you your requested service or product and to communicate with you . We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions via various means including e-mail . You may instruct BLP at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with information , special offers , and promotions by clicking here . You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking here . Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner , you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested , and in response to any requests for information by you . Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase . Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law . BLP and the parties with whom we work ( e.g. , service providers , business partners ) may place , view , and/or use " cookies , " Web server logs , Web beacons , or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites . This information may include information about the IP address of your computer , browser type , language , operating system , your mobile device , geo-location data , the state or country from which you accessed this Web site , the Web pages visited , the date and the time of a visit , and the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site . BLP and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons , either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties ' own purposes , including research , analysis , to better serve visitors to this Web site ( such as by enabling log-in , providing access to certain sections of this Web site , providing customized content , or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below ) , to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites , other statistics , etc . However , if you have deleted and disabled cookies , these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information . To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy , information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources . If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected , through cookies , about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you , then please delete and disable cookies for each browser , on each computer you use to surf the Web . Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default . If you prefer , you can usually set your browser to disable cookies , or to alert you when cookies are being sent . Likewise , most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device . The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies , disable cookies entirely , or disable the collection of geo-location data . You need to set each browser , on each device you use to surf the Web . Thus , if you use multiple browsers ( e.g. , AOL , Safari , Internet Explorer , Firefox , etc. ) , you should repeat this procedure with each one . Similarly , if you connect to the Web from multiple devices ( e.g. , work and home ) , you need to set each browser on each device . However , if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie , it is possible that some parts of this Web site , such as the polls , surveys , contests , and product sales , and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in , will not function properly , and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests . BLP , its designated service providers , or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites . Information about your visits to , and activity on , this Web site and other websites , an IP address , the number of times you have viewed an advertisement , and other such usage information is used , alone or in combination with other information , to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you . We may use Web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance . Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this Web site , and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site . The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers , and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy . For information about online behavioral advertising networks and how to " opt out " of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative 's ( " NAI " ) member networks , please click here . Note that even if you opt out of cookies placed by the NAI member networks , you will still receive online advertising . BLP 's designated service providers assist BLP with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site . For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices , please click here . BLP may share your personal and other information with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . BLP may share with other third parties information about our Web site users , such as your use of this Web site or other websites , and the services provided on this Web site or other websites , but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis . Consistent with the choice you make when providing personal information , BLP may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ( " Third-Party Provider " ) that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you . You may instruct BLP at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking here . Please note that ( i ) this opt-out process may take some time to complete , consistent with applicable law ; and ( ii ) even after such opt-out process is completed , your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates ( including affiliated websites under common ownership or control ) and designated service providers . If you participate in certain features of this Web site ( e.g. , sharing news stories of interest ) , please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features , becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated . If you choose to provide access to designated individuals , please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use . Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site , and neither Bloomberg 's nor others ' use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy . BLP may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary : ( a ) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena , court order , government request , or other legal process ; ( b ) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation , arbitration , mediation , adjudication , government or internal investigations , or other legal or administrative proceedings ; ( c ) to protect the interests , rights , safety , or property of Bloomberg or others ; ( d ) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site ; ( e ) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users ( including allowing a purchaser of BLP or a BLP division to continue to serve you ) , and to perform other activities related to such services and products , including billing and collection ; ( f ) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you ; or ( g ) to operate Bloomberg 's systems properly . The collection , further use , and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg . Rather , such collection , use , and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties ' privacy policies . Any personal information you provide to BLP is kept on secure servers . BLP uses reasonable administrative , technical , personnel , and physical measures ( a ) to safeguard personal information against loss , theft , unauthorized use , disclosure , or modification ; and ( b ) to ensure the integrity of the personal information . To help us protect your privacy , you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site 's service . To access , review , rectify , or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here . While BLP will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request , we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests , if allowed or required by applicable laws . Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer of your personal information to various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country . By submitting your personal information , you consent to such transfers . BLP may provide links to third-party websites , including social networking websites . Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites , we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites . If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us by clicking here . If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by BLP to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an email with your first name , last name , mailing address , email address and telephone number to privacy @ bloomberg.com . Please include " California Privacy Rights " in the Subject line of your email . You may also make such a request by writing to us at : Bloomberg L.P. Attn : Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York , NY 10022 BLP reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page . Such changes will be effective upon posting . 
Fairfax Privacy Policy In this policy , " us " , " we " or " our " means Fairfax Media Limited ( ABN 15 008 663 161 ) and its related bodies corporate . This policy sets out : what kind of information we collect ; how we collect it ; why we collect it ; how we use it ; how we disclose it ; opting in and out ; management and security ; how to seek access to and update your personal information ; and how to contact us . We are bound by the National Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 ( Cwth ) ( subject to exemptions that apply to us under that Act ) . We may , from time to time , review and update this policy , including to take account of new or amended laws , new technology and/or changes to our operations . All personal information held by us will be governed by the most recently updated policy . This policy was last updated in January 2011 . In general , the personal information we collect about you includes ( but is not limited to ) your name , contact details ( including phone numbers and addresses ) and possibly financial information , including your credit card information . We also collect information about you that is not personal information . For example , we may collect data relating to your activity on our websites ( including IP addresses ) via tracking technologies such as cookies , or we may collect information from you in response to a survey . We generally use this information to report statistics , analyse trends , administer our services , diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services . To the extent this information does not constitute personal information , the National Privacy Principles do not apply and we may use this information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever . We generally advise that you do not publish or communicate personal information , or at least limit the personal information that you publish or communicate , to the public via our services , such as in our classifieds , forums or blogs ( Non-Confidential Information ) . You acknowledge that we can not control any third party collection or use of your Non-Confidential Information . You agree that we may use and disclose Non-Confidential Information for any purpose and by any means whatsoever . We may collect your personal information from a variety of sources , including from you , advertisers , mailing lists , recruitment agencies , contractors and business partners . We may collect your personal information when you request or acquire a product or service from us , register with us as a member , provide a product or service to us , complete a survey or questionnaire , enter a competition or event , contribute in a fundraising event , participate in our services ( including our radio programs , blogs and forums ) or when you communicate with us by e-mail , telephone or in writing ( for example if you contact customer service to make a complaint or provide feedback ) . If , at any time , you provide personal or other information about someone other than yourself , you warrant that you have that person 's consent to provide such information for the purpose specified . The primary purpose for which we collect information about you is to provide you with products and services you have requested . We also collect information about you for the purposes outlined below . We may state a more specific purpose at the point we collect your information . If you do not provide us with the information that we request , we may not be able to provide you with our products or services . For example , if you do not register as a member of a website , you will not be able to access features or services that are reserved for members only . In addition to the primary purpose outlined above , we may use the personal information we collect , and you consent to us using your personal information : to provide you with news and information about our products and services ; to send marketing and promotional material that we believe you may be interested in . This material may relate to any of Fairfax 's businesses or a third party business which we believe may be of interest to you ; for purposes necessary or incidental to the provision of goods and services to you ; to personalise and customise your experiences ; to manage and enhance our products and services ; to communicate with you , including by email , mail or telephone ; to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of Fairfax and selected third parties ; to verify your identity ; to investigate any complaints about or made by you , or if we have reason to suspect that you are in breach of any of our terms and conditions or that you are or have been otherwise engaged in any unlawful activity ; and/or as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) . We may disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to other members of the Fairfax Group ( in which case , your personal information will be collected , used , disclosed , managed and stored in accordance with this policy ) . We may also disclose personal information , and you consent to us disclosing your personal information , to third parties : engaged by us to perform functions or provide products and services on our behalf , such as newsagents , processing credit card information , mailouts , debt collection , marketing , research and advertising ; that are our agents , business partners or joint venture entities or partners ; that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via our services ; authorised by you to receive information held by us ; as part of any investigation into you or your activity , for example , if we have reason to suspect that you have committed a breach of any of our terms and conditions , or have otherwise been engaged in any unlawful activity , and we reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to the Police , any relevant authority or enforcement body , or your Internet Service Provider or network administrator ; as part of a sale ( or proposed sale ) of all or part of our business ; and/or as required or permitted by any law ( including the Privacy Act ) . At the point we collect information from you , you may be asked to opt in to consent to us using or disclosing your personal information other than in accordance with this policy or any applicable law . For example , you may be asked to opt-in to receive further information or communications from our advertisers and supporters which do not fall into one of the categories described above . You will generally be given the opportunity to opt out from receiving communications from us or from third parties that send communications to you in accordance with this policy . For example , you will be given the option to unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other marketing or promotional material sent by us . You may opt out from receiving these communications by either clicking on an unsubscribe link at the end of an email or by updating your personal details on our Member Centre page . You may also cancel your account on our Member Centre page . If you receive communications purporting to be connected with us or our services that you believe have been sent to you other than in accordance with this policy , or in breach of any law , please write to us using this form . We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee the management of personal information in accordance with this policy and the Privacy Act . Other than in relation to Non-Confidential Information , we will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse , loss , or unauthorised access , including by means of firewalls , pass word access , secure servers and encryption of credit card transactions . However , you acknowledge that the security of online transactions and the security of communications sent by electronic means or by post can not be guaranteed . You provide information to us via the internet or by post at your own risk . We can not accept responsibility for misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information where the security of information is not within our control . You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of any third party ( including third parties that we are permitted to disclose your personal information to in accordance with this policy or any applicable laws ) . The collection and use of your information by such third party/ies may be subject to separate privacy and security policies . If you suspect any misuse or loss of , or unauthorised access to , your personal information , please let us know immediately . Subject to some exceptions in the Privacy Act , you have the right to seek access to and update the personal information we hold about you . If you make an access request , we will ask you to verify your identity . We may charge a fee to cover the costs of meeting your request . Members of our websites will generally be able to access and update their membership details online . We request that you keep your information as current as possible so that we may continue to improve our service to you . If you would like to seek access to personal information we hold about you , or if you have any questions or complaints about how we collect , use , disclose , manage or store your personal information , you can contact the department that collected your personal information in the first instance , or write to :  Privacy Officer GPO Box 506 Sydney NSW 2001 Tracking and Targeting Policy Fairfax Facebook App privacy policy 
Privacy policy at SFGate Privacy Policy General Inquiries For general inquiries , contact the Chronicle operator . 415-777-1111 Toll-free USA 800-247-6642 ( a ) This privacy policy describes how San Francisco Chronicle , a division of Hearst Communications , Inc. , publisher of the San Francisco Chronicle , and its Affiliates ( collectively , " Newspaper " ) , treat the Personally Identifiable Information that is collected about you when you visit the web sites , mobile-optimized versions of the web sites , and digital applications to which this policy is linked ( collectively , " Covered Sites " ) . For the purposes of this policy , an entity controlling , controlled by , or under common control with another entity shall be deemed to be an " Affiliate " , where control means ownership of 15 % or more of the voting stock or other ownership interests . For the purposes of this policy , " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that we can use to identify or contact you as an individual , and includes your name , email address , address , telephone number and any other information that we associate with any of the foregoing . By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through any of our Covered Sites , you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the collection , use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this privacy policy . ( b ) This privacy policy does not apply to information collected about you by anyone except Newspaper and only applies to the Covered Sites ( defined above ) . This privacy policy does not apply to Newspaper websites which are not linked to this policy and does not apply to non-Newspaper websites , including those linked to or advertised on a Covered Site . Any information you provide when you visit websites other than those covered by this policy will be subject to the privacy policies posted on those sites . ( c ) We may offer our Newspaper through certain third party websites via a subscription page on such third party websites that is linked to this policy . For the avoidance of doubt , such subscription page is a " Covered Site " and this policy applies to information collected through the subscription page , but does not apply to information collected through the third party website . ( d ) Except as specified herein , this policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline ; however please do be aware that if you subscribe offline to our Newspaper from time to time we make your postal addresses available to companies for marketing purposes . ( e ) Certain features of the Covered Sites may be subject to additional or different privacy provisions , which will be posted on the Covered Site in connection with such features . All such additional or different privacy provisions are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy . ( a ) Information You Provide . Newspaper generally collects Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily provide . For instance , when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , complete a survey , participate in a reader panel , register for those portions of our Covered Sites that may require registration , make a purchase , participate in our social networking features , subscribe to our Newspaper , subscribe to receive newsletters , promotional correspondence , or other electronic services , or send us an email or feedback , you may be asked to provide information such as your e-mail address , name , phone number , shipping address , and billing information , and we will collect such information as well as any other content you provide us in engaging in any of the above activities . Information such as your age , gender , hobbies or interests may also be requested . If you elect to post material to any blogs , forums , participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered on our Covered Sites , then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view . ( b ) Cookies . ( i ) Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data ( often including a unique identifier ) , that is sent to your browser from a web site 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive . Some of our cookies may be local shared objects , also known as Flash cookies . Cookies may be session cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) . Newspaper uses cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Covered Sites and in other media . We may use cookies to control the display of ads , to track usage patterns on the sites , to deliver editorial content , to record requests for subscriptions and to personalize information . Our cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information and such cookies may be shared with others to the same extent indicated in Section 4 . Newspaper ( or third party service providers on our behalf ) may also use cookies to collect aggregate information about web site users on an anonymous basis ( " Anonymous Information " ) . We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners , advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose . ( ii ) Some of our third party partners ( including advertisers and marketing services companies ) may set and access cookies and similar technologies on your computer as well , or we may do so on their behalf . We do not have control over how these third parties use such cookies and similar technologies or the information derived therefrom . ( iii ) If you do n't want cookies , most Web browsers include an option that allows you to not accept them . However , if you set your browser to refuse cookies , some portions of our Covered Sites may not function efficiently . Flash cookies may regenerate HTTP cookies that you have affirmatively deleted . Deleting , rejecting , disabling or turning off HTTP cookies as described above will not remove flash cookies . We use flash cookies as an alternative method to HTTP cookies for storing information about your web browsing history across unaffiliated domains , unrelated to the delivery of content through the Flash Player or the performance of the Flash Player in delivering such content . You can manage and delete flash cookies by visiting http : //kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html . ( c ) Gifs . We may use " clear GIFs " ( aka " web beacons " or " pixel tags " ) or similar technologies , in the sites and in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message . A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message . A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you , including your Personally Identifiable Information . ( d ) IP Address . Your Internet Protocol ( " IP " ) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet , like your Internet Service Provider , your company or your university . Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us ( e.g. , another Web site or a search engine ) ; the pages you visit on our Covered Sites , the web sites you visit after this web site ; the ads you see ; the ads you click on ; other information about the type of web browser , computer , platform , related software and settings you are using ; any search terms you have entered on this web site or a referral site ; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers . We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers , gather broad demographic information , and administer our Covered Sites . We may also link this information with your Personally Identifiable Information when we feel that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our rules and policies or terms of service or to protect our Covered Sites , customers or others . ( e ) Location Information . We may , and may enable our advertisers to , collect your location via certain services we provide through digital applications , wireless access protocol services ( " WAP Services " ) or mobile phone service ( " Mobile Services " ) . We , or the service provider , will inform you of such collection at the time you use the service . By using such service , you hereby consent to our collection , use and disclosure of your location information as described . ( f ) Third Parties . We may receive information from third parties , including demographic information from your mobile carrier , and information from third parties that solicit subscriptions to our Newspaper . Those third parties have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy . ( a ) Newspaper uses information we collect from you in part to provide you with the service you have requested . If you subscribe to our Newspaper , we may also use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the Newspaper . Similarly , if you enter online sweepstakes , we will also use this information to notify you if you are a winner . We also use your information to register you , identify you as a user , improve our Covered Sites and services , send you administrative notifications , and respond to your inquiries . We might also send out e-mails to users and sweepstakes/contest entrants to announce special offers , services and announcements from our Covered Sites , our partners and/or our advertisers . We also use information in connection with advertising and to serve other content , as described in section 4 ( d ) below . ( b ) We may combine and use any and all information we collect on you either online or otherwise , including from third parties , for marketing purposes . ( c ) Certain areas on our Covered Sites require registration , and in those areas , you will be asked to establish your own user name and password ( " User Registration " ) . You may elect to change your User Registration at any time by logging in and editing your User Registration ( each of our Covered Sites will contain log-in information ) . You may also log-in to cancel any User Registration . You may request deletion of your Personally Identifiable Information by us , but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it ( or to keep this information for a certain time , in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements ) . When we delete any information , it will be deleted from the active database , but may remain in our archives . We may retain your information for fraud or similar purposes . ( d ) In addition , we may use information you provide us through emails , Q&A , blogs , forums , in response to polls , or through any other user generated submission for editorial purposes , and may use your name and any stories you provide us in articles published online and in our Newspaper . If you provide us with personal anecdotes , they may be attributed to you . Newspaper can edit , rewrite , use , and reuse the content , including your name , likeness , photograph , and biographical information you provide , with or without attribution , including publication in the Newspaper , and in trade media , and advertising . ( e ) We may create Anonymous Information from Personally Identifiable Information by excluding information ( such as your name ) that make the data personally identifiable to you . We use this Anonymous Information for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Information to third parties in our sole discretion . ( a ) In addition to the other disclosures described in this policy , Newspaper may ( and you authorize us to ) share or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you to other companies or individuals in the following situations : ( i ) We utilize third party service providers to provide products , services or functions on our behalf ( such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions ) , and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose ( s ) for which we hired them ( " Service Provider Exception " ) . ( ii ) You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party , in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion , including direct marketing . Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor , in which case we will honor your selection . Other contests will not give you that option and in that event , if you do not want your information to be shared , you should not enter the contest . The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies . ( iii ) The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Newspaper . ( iv ) In accordance with your indicated preferences ( e.g. , you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner ) . ( v ) The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you . ( vi ) You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in ( examples include , without limitation , e-commerce partners , services to help old friends locate you online , etc. ) ;  ( vii ) We need to protect our legal rights ( for example , if we are trying to collect money you owe us ) ; we must comply with applicable laws , regulations , or legal or regulatory process , or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us , or in connection with a legal investigation ; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users , or general public , or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right , including our Terms of Use ( collectively , the " Legal Exceptions " ) . ( viii ) In connection with a sale , merger , transfer , exchange , or other disposition ( whether of assets , stock , or otherwise , including via bankruptcy ) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies , in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ( " Acquisition Exception " ) . ( b ) Social Networks . If you use your login credentials from a social networking site ( e.g. , Facebook or Twitter ) ( " SNS " ) on a Covered Site , we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions ( e.g. , terms of use and privacy policy ) of the SNS ( " SNS Terms " ) . If you elect to share your information with these SNS , we will share information with them in accordance with your election . The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them . ( c ) Third Party Partners . Some of our Covered Sites may from time to time partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities , games , services , subscriptions and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis . Those transactions may take place on a Covered Site , or the site of the third party . In either case , Personally Identifiable Information you provide in connection with the transaction may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third party , as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such opportunities and features . Some of our Covered Sites may offer you the ability to access a third-party site with whom we have a relationship to access both sites through a co-branded registration or password ; in that event , your applicable registration information may be collected directly by , or shared by Newspaper with , the third-party partner . We will notify you at the applicable point of sign up if any such co-branded registration or password practices will be in effect . These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy . One of our third party partners is the News Registry , a service operated by the News Licensing Group , LLC . The News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity . Your continued readership of our Covered Sites means you accept the privacy policy of the News Registry . Please refer to the News Registry privacy policy at http : //newsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx for further information . ( d ) Delivery of Advertising and Other Content . ( i ) In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly , we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you . In the course of doing so , a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies . In addition , we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content . These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media . Both Newspaper and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites ( including your status as a customer of Newspaper ) , other websites , and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit sfgate.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate . Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner . You can find out more about our video ads by visiting http : //www.newsinc.com/privacypolicy.html . ( ii ) In addition , we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies . This may include information we received from you offline or online . These companies may combine information we provide ( including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information ) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you , using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf , as described in Section 2 ( b ) . We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them . These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes , and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer 's marketing purposes . If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies , please visit : privacy @ sfgate.com . ( a ) California Users : Your California Privacy Rights ..  California 's " Shine the Light " law , Civil Code section 1798.83 , requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses ' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Alternatively , such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing . We have such a policy in place . Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared with third parties for the third parties ' direct or indirect marketing purposes , in accordance with such laws . In addition to reviewing Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) , if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83 , you may notify us in writing at SFGate , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco or contact us at privacy @ sfgate.com . Canadian residents also have certain rights to know how their information may be shared with third parties who engage in direct marketing activities . Again , Sections 4 ( d ) and 5 ( d ) explain our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared for such purposes , in accordance with such laws . For the avoidance of doubt , these opt-out options are available for all users and are not limited to Californian and Canadian users . ( b ) Mobile Opt-out . We may provide you messages , including marketing , via your wireless email address or by short message service ( " SMS Service " ) , WAP or Mobile Services as described in Section 6 . You may opt-out of these messages from us by replying " STOP " or following the instructions provided in the message . ( c ) Marketing provided by Newspaper . From time to time we may send you promotional materials on behalf of Newspaper and/or third parties . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your email , you may follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email or manage your preferences at sfgate.com . If you want us to stop sending you promotional materials to your postal mailing address , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to San Francisco Chronicle , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 or contacting us at privacy @ sfgate.com . Certain Covered Sites may include a customer service link at the bottom of such site . If so , you may also manage your email preferences through that link . ( d ) Marketing provided by Third Parties . From time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes . This may be information we received from you offline and online . If you want us to stop further sharing your email contact information with third parties ( if we have your email contact information ) , you may notify us at privacy @ sfgate.com . If you want us to stop further sharing your postal mailing contact information with third parties ( if we have your postal address ) , you may notify us in writing by sending a notice to San Francisco Chronicle , Attn : Customer Service , 901 Mission Street , San Francisco , CA 94103 or contacting us at privacy @ sfgate.com . If you wish to opt out of having your information shared with marketing services companies , please see section 4 ( d ) above .Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages . ( e ) Exceptions . If you have opted-out as described above , and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party ( e.g. , you enter into a contest or sweepstakes or use an ecommerce service after opting-out ) , then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service . Despite your indicated preferences , we may send you service related communications , including notices about your subscription , and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties under the Service Provider Exception , Legal Exceptions , and Acquisition Exception described above . ( f ) Device Settings . Our digital applications may provide you alerts and you can change your preferences regarding these alerts through your device settings . If the email address you provide to us is a wireless email address , you agree to receive messages at such address from Newspaper or from third parties . Similarly , we may make available services through which you can receive messages on your phone or wireless device SMS Service or WAP Services . We may also make available content and versions of our Covered Sites available via WAP and Mobile Services . If you subscribe to one of our SMS , WAP or Mobile Services , you thereby agree to receive services and messages at the address you provide for such purposes . Such messages may come from Newspaper , or from third parties . To use the wireless email address , SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you must reside in the United States . We may also obtain the date , time and content of your messages . We will use the information we obtain in connection with these services in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage , and their practices are governed by their own policies . By providing us your wireless email address or by signing up for any SMS , WAP , or Mobile Service , you consent to receiving messages as described above . You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information from unauthorized access , use , or disclosure . We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information . Please do not disclose your registration password to unauthorized people . No method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , however . Therefore , while Newspaper uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information , Newspaper can not guarantee its absolute security . The Covered Sites are not intended for use by children , especially those under age 13 . If your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas , they may get unsolicited messages from other parties . Accordingly , you should tell them not to do so . There are also commercially available tools to help you limits your children 's exposure to material online . If you are located outside of the United States , please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States , where laws regarding processing of Personally Identifiable Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country . By using this Covered Site , you consent to this transfer and processing . You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this Covered Site in the federal and state courts of , and in accordance with the laws of , the state of New York . This privacy policy is subject to occasional revision , and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personally Identifiable Information , we will prominently post notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . Any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon thirty ( 30 ) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Covered Sites . These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Covered Sites . Continued use of our Covered Sites , following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes . Last Update : October 18 , 2012 
The National Geographic Society and our subsidiary , NGHT , LLC , which also is known as nationalgeographic.com ( collectively , National Geographic , we or our ) understand the importance of our customers ' privacy . This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect about you when you visit this website ( our Site ) or use an online application that contains a link to this Privacy Policy . Our Privacy Policy also tells you how we use , share and protect this information ; what choices you have about how this information is used ; and how you can access and update this information . Our Site offers certain content , activities , games and services , which are referred to as the Services . This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on the Site where this Privacy Policy is posted , with the exception of the sections of this Site that are intended for visits from children under the age of 13 , including www.nationalgeographic.com/kids , www.littlekids.nationalgeographic.com , and certain online features specifically designed for kids . In recognition of the need to provide additional privacy protections for children , we have a separate privacy policy that applies to those sections . To read the Kids ' privacy policy , please click here . Certain aspects of this Privacy Policy also apply to the personally identifiable information we collect offline . For purposes of this Privacy Policy , personally identifiable information means information that identifies and can be used to contact a particular individual , such as name , postal address , email address , and phone number . When other information , such as email newsletter choices , magazine or product purchases , or consumer product preferences , is associated with personally identifiable information , this other information also becomes personally identifiable information . Information You Provide Directly to National Geographic If you are interested in obtaining information , products or services from National Geographic , or in participating in certain activities on this Site , you may need to provide us with information about yourself . For example :  If you order a product from us , we ask for your name , postal address , email address , telephone number and your credit card number . If you are ordering a product as a gift for another person , we will ask you for that person 's name , postal address and phone number in order to enable us to deliver the gift to the recipient . If you participate in an activity such as a survey or sweepstakes , we may also ask you to provide other types of information such as gender and personal interests , which we may associate with personally identifiable information that we have obtained about you . In addition , we may combine personally identifiable information that you have provided to us with other information that is publicly available or that we receive from other sources . Information We Collect Automatically In addition to information you choose to provide to us , we also use standard Internet technologies to collect automatically certain additional information . For example : IP Address . When you come to our Site , we collect your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which identifies the computer or service provider that you use to access the Site . We may use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which specific visitors visit various parts of our Site . We may combine this information with personally identifiable information that we have collected to make our Site and our communications to you more targeted to your interests . Cookies . Our Site also uses cookies . Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user 's computer and allow websites to remember information about users . We use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to enhance the quality of our Site . We use transient ( also called session ID ) cookies to provide continuity from page to page . A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser . We also use persistent cookies . Persistent cookies allow our online store and certain other parts of our Site to recognize your browser when you return after your first visit to that part of our Site . Cookies allow us to personalize your return visits to our Site and to save you time during certain activities , such as checking out from our online store . You have the choice to set your browser to accept all cookies , reject all cookies , or notify you when a cookie is set . ( Each browser is different , so check the " Help " menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. )  It is up to you whether to allow us to send you cookies . However , if you do not accept cookies from us , your ability to use some areas of our Site will be limited , such as our shopping cart feature or online games . Web beacons and other technologies . The Site uses other tracking tools , including web beacons . Web beacons are images on the Site ( or in emails that the Site sends to you ) that help us determine what parts of the Site you have visited , whether you have opened an email that we have sent to you , or otherwise to measure the effectiveness of the Site . These technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us or to a service provider authorized by us to collect information on our behalf . Click here for more information about how we use a third party service to collect and use information on this Site . The information we collect automatically may be combined with information that is personally identifiable so that we can make our Site and communications more interesting to you . Third-Party Online Advertising Some of the advertisements you see on this Site and other websites are delivered by third parties who also collect information through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies about your online activities on this and other websites , in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements that are tailored to your interests . These third parties also may use information about you that we provide , such as your age , gender , or interests , or the features within the Site that you use , to target and serve advertisements to you and to analyze the delivery of advertisements on the Site . However , we will not provide personally identifiable information about you to these companies , except as otherwise permitted under this Privacy Policy . Third parties that currently serve ads on our Site , and thereby may collect information about your online activities to deliver tailored ads , include , but are not limited to , DoubleClick . These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes . These and other third-party companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ( " NAI " ) , which offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from member companies . To opt out or to obtain information about the technologies member companies use or their own privacy policies , please visit the NAI consumer opt out page . Also , through the Digital Advertising Alliance ( " DAA " ) , several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of and greater control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites . To make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties , please visit the DAA consumer opt out page . National Geographic may use information that we collect about you for a variety of business purposes , including : to maintain and manage your account , deliver Services that you have requested , and enhance your experience on our Site ; to process and track your product or service orders and provide the services you request ; to communicate with you about the Site or other products or services in which you may be interested , or to respond to your inquiries or comments ; to perform business analyses or for other purposes to improve the quality of our business , the Site , and the products and services we offer ; or in accordance with your consent . We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your information . We will therefore share that information only with the following entities , and only under these circumstances : with entities that provide services on our behalf , including Site development , maintenance and support , payment processing , email distribution , and promotions management , only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law , unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy ; within the National Geographic family , which is defined for this purpose as corporate affiliates of National Geographic ( Affiliates ) and entities that are authorized to use the National Geographic name to brand their products or services ( such as National Geographic tour expeditions , the National Geographic MasterCard , and the National Geographic holiday greeting card program ) ; with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the Site ; with other selected third parties so that they may send you promotional materials about goods and services that they offer , but you have the opportunity to opt out of our sharing personally identifiable information about you as described below in the section entitled Your Choices , and we will not share your email address with third parties for promotional purposes unless you specifically agree to such sharing ; when we believe that doing so is required by law , may be necessary to protect any person 's property , rights , or safety , or to investigate a potential violation of law , will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement , or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business , or in the event of a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale ; in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form ; or in accordance with your consent . We understand the importance of protecting our customers ' privacy , and we therefore provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used or disclosed for certain purposes . You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from National Geographic and our Affiliates and our licensees , or request that we not share personally identifiable information about you with third parties for the third parties ' marketing purposes , by contacting us at :  National Geographic Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy 1145 17th Street NW Washington , DC 20036-4688 Telephone : 800-NGS-LINE ( 800-647-5463 ) TDD : 800-548-9797 Outside the United States and Canada : 813-979-6845 You also can change your preferences relating to our email newsletter program by going to www.nationalgeographic.com/register.html or by clicking here . Because we plan our communications in advance , it may take several weeks for your request to become effective . If you continue to receive our communications in error after expressing an opt-out preference , please let us know so that we can investigate the situation . If you click on or interact with a hyperlink or advertisement that you find on the Site , you may leave our Site or send information to a different website . Our Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with other websites , even if you find a link to them on our Site , and so you should read the privacy policy of the third-party website provider to see how your personally identifiable information will be treated on its site . The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us , and we take a number of steps to safeguard any personally identifiable information or credit card information that you provide to us . We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss , misuse or alteration of your credit card information . Secure Socket Layers ( SSLs ) encrypt the credit card information sent between your computer and our database . However , no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure , and therefore we can not warrant or guarantee that such information will never be accessed , used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this policy . Some sections of our Site may allow users to post or transmit messages , comments , screen names , computer files and other materials . If you choose to make personally identifiable information public through these Services , National Geographic will consider that information public and will not limit its disclosure in the manner described here . Other than certain sections of this Site that are intended for visits from children under the age of 13 including www.kids.nationalgeographic.com and www.littlekids.nationalgeographic.com our Site is a general audience site , and we do not knowingly collect information about children under 13 years old through the Site . Should a child whom we know to be under 13 make known to us his or her personally identifiable information , we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personally identifiable information . If we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under 13 other than in a manner authorized by law , we will delete that information from our database . We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the most recent version of the Policy on the Site , along with an indication of the date on which the Policy was amended most recently . If we make any material changes in the way we collect , use , and/or share personally identifiable information that we collect about you through the Site , we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site . In any event , changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personally identifiable information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes . If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy , please write us at : National Geographic Society Attn : Marketing Services - Privacy 1145 17th Street NW Washington , DC 20036-4688 This policy was last updated August 1 , 2011 
Updated June 28 , 2013 New York Post ( NYP or we ) wants you to be familiar with how we collect , use and disclose information from and about you . This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites , mobile sites , applications ( apps ) , and widgets ( collectively , the NYP Services ) . By using the NYP Services , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy . A list of our affiliated companies ( NYP Affiliates ) is available at newscorp.com . As set forth in our Terms of Use , the NYP Services are for a general audience , are not targeted to children , and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . This Privacy Policy applies to all users , including both those who use the NYP Services without being registered with or subscribing to an NYP Service and those who have registered with or subscribed to an NYP Service . This Privacy Policy applies to NYP 's collection and use of your personal information ( i.e. , information that identifies a specific person , such as full name or email address ) . It also describes generally NYP 's practices for handling non-personal information ( for example , interests , demographics and services usage ) . NYP and our service providers collect the following information from and about you : Registration Information is the information you submit to register for an NYP Service , for example , to create an account , post comments , receive a newsletter , or enter a contest or sweepstakes . Registration Information may include , for example , name , email address , gender , zip code and birthday . Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the NYP Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content , which may include a name , user name , comments , likes , status , profile information and picture . Public Information and Posts are always public , which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines . Information from Social Media . If you access or log-in to an NYP Service through a social media service or connect an NYP Service to a social media service , the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service , any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us , such as your profile picture , email address or friends lists , and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service . When you access the NYP Services through social media services or when you connect an NYP Service to social media services , you are authorizing NYP to collect , store , and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Activity Information . When you access and interact with the NYP Services , we may collect certain information about those visits . For example , in order to permit your connection to the NYP Services , our servers receive and record information about your computer , device , and browser , including potentially your IP address , browser type , and other software or hardware information . If you access the NYP Services from a mobile or other device , we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device , geolocation data , or other transactional information for that device . Cookies and other tracking technologies ( such as browser cookies , pixels , beacons , and Adobe Flash technology including cookies ) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier . Websites , apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service . These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the NYP Services , such as pages you have visited , content you have viewed , search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen . Third parties that support the NYP Services by serving advertisements or providing services , such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate NYP Services usage statistics , may also use these technologies to collect similar information . NYP does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies . For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see aboutads.info/consumers , and to opt-out of such ad networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to aboutads.info/choices . Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies , but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated , or to block cookies altogether . Please consult the Help section of your browser for more information . Users can manage the use of Flash technologies , with the Flash management tools available at Adobe 's website , see here . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features , content or personalization available through the NYP Services . Information from Other Sources . We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources , such as publicly available information from social media services , commercially available sources and information from our NYP Affiliates or business partners . We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the NYP Services and features to you , including : to measure and improve those NYP Services and features ; to improve your experience with both online and off-line NYP Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting , including advertising and marketing messages ; to allow you to comment on content , and participate in online games , contests , or rewards programs ; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries . When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person , we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties . We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes :  To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the NYP Services . NYP may make your information available to certain third-party service providers , such as contractors , agents or sponsors , who help us manage or provide the NYP Services . These service providers may not use personal information for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and NYP . To allow social sharing functionality . If you log in with or connect a social media service account with NYP Services , we may share your user name , picture , and likes , as well as your activities and comments with other NYP Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service . We may also share the same information with the social media service provider . By logging in with or connecting your NYP Services account with a social media service , you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider , other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service 's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service 's privacy policy . If you do not want your personal information shared in this way , please do not connect your social media service account with your NYP Services account and do not participate in social sharing on NYP Services . To provide co-branded services and features . We may offer co-branded services or features , such as contests , sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ( Co-Branded Services ) . These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on NYP Services or on the third party 's service . By virtue of these relationships , we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party . The third party 's use of your information will be governed by the third party 's privacy policy . To deliver relevant advertisements . NYP and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver ads to you when you use the NYP Services or another service . As noted above , third-party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information , inferred interests , aggregated information , and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests . To find out more about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies , see http : //www.aboutads.info , and to opt-out of such advertising networks ' and services ' advertising practices , go to http : //www.aboutads.info/choices . To contact you . NYP may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the NYP Services . If you want to stop receiving promotional materials follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email . There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of , such as notifications of changes to the NYP Services or policies . If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications , you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app . To share with our NYP Affiliates . NYP may share your information with NYP Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . A link to a website that lists NYP Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy . Users who visit NYP Affiliates ' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies , which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy . To share with business partners . NYP may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices . To protect the rights of NYP and others . There may be instances when NYP may disclose your information , including situations where NYP has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to : ( i ) protect , enforce , or defend the legal rights , privacy , safety , or property of NYP , our NYP Affiliates or their employees , agents and contractors ( including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use ) ; ( ii ) protect the safety , privacy , and security of users of the NYP Services or members of the public ; ( iii ) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes ; ( iv ) comply with the law or legal process ; or ( v ) respond to requests from public and government authorities . To complete a merger or sale of assets . If NYP sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business , NYP may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction . NYP uses commercially reasonable administrative , technical , personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss , theft and unauthorized use , disclosure or modification . However , no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information . If you would like to access , review , correct , update , suppress , or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us , you may contact us at onlinehelp @ nypost.com . In your request , please include your email address , name , address , and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access , change , update , or suppress . We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable . If you are a California resident , you may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with NYP Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to onlinehelp @ nypost.com with NYPost.com : Disclosure Opt-out in the subject line and your full name , email address , and postal address in the body of the email . We will try to comply with your request ( s ) as soon as reasonably practicable . Updates to Privacy Policy . NYP may modify this Privacy Policy . Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised . Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the NYP Services . If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you , we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information . Location of Data . The NYP Services are hosted in and managed from the United States . If you are a user located outside the United States , you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States . United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction . This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above . As a result , please read this Privacy Policy with care . Linked Services . The NYP Services may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies , and may carry advertisements or offer content , functionality , games , newsletters , contests or sweepstakes , or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies . NYP is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies , and once you leave the NYP Services or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service . Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service . In some cases , we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ( Payment Service ) . If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service , you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage . Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service 's privacy policy , rather than this Privacy Policy . We have no control over , and are not responsible for , any Payment Service 's use of information collected through any Payment Service . Data Retention . We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law . Remember that even after you cancel your account , copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where , for example , you have shared information with social media or other services . Because of the nature of caching technology , your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others . We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies . It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints , contractual , financial or legal requirements . Sensitive Information . We ask that you not send us , and you not disclose , any sensitive personal information ( such as social security numbers , information related to racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religion or other beliefs , health , criminal background or trade union membership ) on or through the NYP Services or otherwise . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at : Email : onlinehelp @ nypost.com Mail : Privacy Office , New York Post , 1211 Avenue of the Americas , New York , New York 10036 
CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Effective Date : January 2nd , 2014 Note : The CBS Interactive Privacy Policy has been updated . Please review the updated privacy policy carefully before using the CBS Interactive Web Sites . By using any of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy . Click here for more information about the updates CBS Interactive Inc . ( " CBS Interactive " ) is committed to protecting your privacy . CBS Interactive , its affiliates , and its subsidiaries own , operate , or provide access to , several interactive web sites and other interactive features that provide an authorized link to this Privacy Policy ( collectively " CBS Interactive Web Sites " ) . This Privacy Policy applies only to the CBS Interactive Web Sites . This Privacy Policy describes , among other things , the types of information collected about you when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed ; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information ; and how your information is protected . Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at CBS Interactive . We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles . Back To Top This Privacy Policy applies to information , including contact information , collected about you by a CBS Interactive Web Site . This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other web site . Please note that some CBS Interactive Web Sites may contain links to non-CBS Interactive Web Sites . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites , and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each web site that you visit . Back To Top Information you provide directly to CBS Interactive Web Sites . You are not required to provide information about yourself when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site . CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services , access various content or features , or directly contact the Web Site including :  Contact information , such as name , email address , postal address , phone number , facsimile number , and mobile number ;  User name , password , and password reminder questions and answers ;  Age and date of birth ;  Other demographic information , such as gender , job information , and zip code ;  Information for a public profile , such as your interests and the address of your web site ;  Communications preferences , such as which newsletters you would like to receive ;  Search queries ;  In limited circumstances , payment and identity verification information , such as credit card number , social security number or comparable national identifiers , and driver 's license number where needed for payment , to complete a particular transaction , or to access a particular service ( e.g. , contests or paid subscriptions ) ;  Contact information about others when you provide information about others or refer a friend to a particular site or service ( note : such information is used solely to facilitate the communications requested ) ;  Information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features ;  Correspondence you send to us ; and Information collected about you offline ( including via facsimile , mail , or in person for sweepstakes entrance forms ) . Information we collect automatically on CBS Interactive Websites . CBS Interactive Web Sites may collect certain information automatically , including :  Your browser type and operating system ;  Your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area ;  Sites you visited before and after visiting a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within CBS Interactive Web Sites ;  Unique identifiers , including mobile device identification numbers that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law ;  Information collected through cookies , web beacons , and other technologies ;  Information about your interactions with audio and video content , such as the type of content listened to and viewed , and information about your interactions with email messages , such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded ;  Upon request , your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs installed on your computer ; and Standard server log information . Information we obtain from other sources . Where permitted by applicable law , we may collect information about you from other sources , including through interactive applications ( such as mobile devices , third-party services , and embedded audio and video players ) , from co-branded partners and sites ( for example , on our pages on Facebook ) , and from commercially available sources ( such as data aggregators and public databases ) . The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources : Name , postal address , and telephone number ;  Demographic data , such as age , gender , and income level ;  If you access third-party services ( such as Facebook , Google or Twitter ) through a CBS Interactive Web Site , or if you access a CBS Interactive Web Site via a third-party service , your username and password for those services and other information available about or collected from you on those services , as described in our overview of third-party social networking services Your interests and purchase behavior ;  Publicly-observed data , such as activities on blogs , videos , and other online postings ; and Other navigation data , such as web sites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on . This privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties , including those that may disclose information to CBS Interactive . Combining Information . Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined , including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top We only use payment and identity verification information , such as credit card numbers , driver 's license numbers , social security numbers , or comparable national identifiers as necessary for completing a particular transaction or fulfilling a service ( e.g. , paid subscriptions or awarding prizes to contest winners ) or as otherwise required by law . We generally use other information we collect about you to :  Fulfill your requests for products , services , and information , including to send you electronic newsletters , authorize a purchase , and complete a transaction that you have requested ;  Enable you to participate in features such as surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and message boards ;  Provide you with electronic newsletters , information , special offers and promotional materials on behalf of CBS Interactive Web Sites , companies within our corporate family , and third parties , in accordance with applicable law ;  Analyze the use of CBS Interactive Web Sites and information about visitors to our Web Sites to understand and improve our service offerings and , in accordance with our sharing policies , discussed below , to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings ;  Customize the content you see when you visit a CBS Interactive Web Site ;  Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests , as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising ;  Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with CBS Interactive 's Terms of Use ; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent . Back To Top CBS Interactive is committed to maintaining your trust and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share information collected about you . With your consent . With your consent , we may share your contact information with third-party business partners . For example , CBS Interactive Web Sites such as ZDNet.com and BNET.com offer free access to relevant services ( e.g. , webcasts and white papers ) if you agree to have your information shared with third parties so they can contact you about related products and services . Authorized third-party service providers . We share your information with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services , including customer support , email and text message deployment , business analytics , marketing , and data processing . These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose . Sweepstakes , contests , or promotions . When you choose to enter a sweepstakes , contest , or other promotion , and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions , your information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help design , administer and implement the promotion , including in connection with winner selection , prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis . Your information also may be disclosed as required by law , such as on a winners list . Also , by entering a promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion , including allowing the sponsors to use your name , voice , and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law . All terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion . Co-Branded Partners . Co-Branded Partners are third parties with whom a CBS Interactive Web Site may jointly offer a service or feature . You can tell when you are accessing a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner because the Co-Branded Partner 's name will be featured prominently . You may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered by a Co-Branded Partner . In doing so , you may be providing your information to both us and the Co-Branded Partner , or we may share your information with the Co-Branded Partner . Please note that the Co-Branded Partner 's privacy policy may apply to its use of your information . CBS Interactive Web Sites and other CBS businesses . The CBS Interactive family continues to grow to include innovative CBS Interactive Web Sites that offer rich and deep interactive experiences . Where permitted by law , we may share information we collect about you within the family of CBS Interactive Web Sites and with CBS Corporation , our parent company , and other CBS-affiliated companies , so we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you . Business transfers . We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction , such as the sale of a CBS Interactive Web Site , a merger , consolidation , asset sale , or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy . Legal requirements . We may disclose information about our users , including contact information , to respond to subpoenas , court orders , legal process , and other law enforcement measures , and to comply with other legal obligations , such as FCC requirements . Protect our Web Sites and users . We may disclose information to protect and defend the legal rights , interests , and safety of CBS Interactive Web Sites , other CBS companies , and their employees , agents , and contractors ( including enforcing our agreements ) ; to protect the safety and security of users of the Web Sites and members of the public ; and as otherwise disclosed in our Terms of Use . Please note that we may share information with advertisers as described in our overview of CBS Interactive online advertising . We also may share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties , including to help us develop content and services we hope you will find of interest or to help these third parties develop their own products and service offerings . This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you . Back To Top You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you ; however , as described above , some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites . You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message . Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages , we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites , such as service announcements . You have choices about the collection and use of your information by third parties to display relevant advertisements , as described in our overview of Third Party Online Advertising . You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device ; for more information , visit our overview on cookies , web beacons and other technologies ( including Do Not Track ) . You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners ' sites to customize advertising that we serve . To opt out , visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page . Back To Top If you choose to share contact information with us , you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site . You also may update or amend your information by contacting us . If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information , we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time . Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations . For example , some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it . In some cases , you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you . Back To Top We are committed to protecting your information . We have adopted commercially reasonable technical , administrative , and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , and alteration . Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us . Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission 's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft . Back To Top CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries . Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law . The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence . By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information , you consent to the collection , international transfer , storage , and processing of your information . Back To Top For additional information about CBS Interactive 's privacy practices , as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate , please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction : Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom . Back To Top Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . If you are a California resident and want such a list , please contact us . For all requests , you must put the statement " Your California Privacy Rights " in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information , as well as your name , street address , city , state , and zip code . Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone , mail , or by facsimile , and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly , or that do not have complete information . Back To Top Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 . Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18 . In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws , it will comply with those laws . To read about our privacy policy for children , please see the Children 's Privacy Policy . Back To Top Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests , blogs , on-air radio and TV broadcasts , online audio and video streams , videos , message boards , and other functions . Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use . Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact , financial , and other information in a submission . We can not prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy , the law , or your personal privacy and safety . We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs , message boards and similar functions . This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sites but will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service . Back To Top When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites ( for example , if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site ) , you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site . Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site 's privacy policy . Back To Top We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings . If we modify our Privacy Policy , we will update the " Effective Date " and such changes will be effective upon posting . If we make any material changes in the way we use your information , we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites . Back To Top If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time . You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below :  CBS Interactive Inc. 235 Second Street San Francisco , CA 94105 Attn : Legal Department For international users , please select this link to find the address of your closest CBS Interactive office . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any privacy concern . Back To Top 
Privacy Policy Weather.gov > Privacy Policy This policy covers user privacy , system security , and National Weather Service information collection practices . This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to National Weather Service web sites . Some organizations within NOAA may have other information collection practices . You are encouraged to check Privacy Policies when going to another web site . These World Wide Web pages are provided as a public service by NOAA 's National Weather Service ( NWS ) . Information presented on these pages is considered public information and may be distributed or copied . Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested . Site Management Data Use of " cookies " Consent to Voluntary Information Collection and Sharing How e-mail is handled How information is used How long information is retained Interaction with Children Privacy Act System of Records Information Protection Conditions under which the information may be shared with other Federal agencies Your Rights Under the Privacy Act Dispute Resolution For each HTTP ( which is what your Web browser generates when you request a page or part of a page from a Web site ) request received , we collect and store only the following information : the date and time the originating IP address the type of browser and operating system used ( if provided by the browser ) the URL of the referring page ( if provided by the browser ) the object requested completion status of the request pages visited We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our sites , and to help us make our sites more useful to visitors . This includes analyzing these logs periodically to determine the traffic through our servers , the number of pages served , and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest . The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers . Top of Page To better serve our visitors , we use technology to track new and returning visitors actions while on the website . These small files are commonly referred to as " cookies. "  Our cookies do n't not contain any personally-identifiable information . Our customized Weather.gov tool gives visitors the option of customizing and storing a location to be remembered on subsequent visits to Weather.gov . Cookies are small files that Web servers place on a user 's hard drive . They can serve several functions :  they allow the Web site to identify you as a previous visitor each time you access a site ; they track what information you view at a site ( important to the Department of Commerce to ensure visitors find what they are looking for ) ; in the more advanced cases they track your movements through many Web sites but not the whole Web ; businesses use them for customer convenience to allow them to produce a list of items to buy and pay for them all at one time and to garner information about what individuals are buying at their sites ; advertisers use them to determine the effectiveness of their marketing and offer insights into consumer preferences and tastes by collecting data from many Web sites ; and they can be used to help a Web site tailor screens for each customer 's preference . We will retain data the technology makes available only as long as required by law , or specific program need as specified by the National Archives and Records Administration 's General Records Schedule 20 , which pertains to Electronic Records or other approved records schedule as applicable . If you are concerned about the potential use of the information gathered from your computer by cookies , you can set your browser to prompt you before it accepts a cookie . You can remove or block the use of web measurement and customization technologies by changing the setting of your browser to block cookies as described at http : //www.usa.gov/optout_instructions.shtml . Top of Page All the information users submit to NWS is done on a voluntary basis . When a user clicks the " Submit " button on any of the Web forms found on NWS 's sites they are indicating voluntarily consent to the conditions outlined in this policy . We do not collect personally identifiable information ( e.g. , name , address , phone number , e-mail address ) unless you provide it . In all cases , the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users . Any information provided through one of our Web forms is removed from Web servers within seconds , increasing the protection for this information . Top of Page We use information you send us by e-mail only for the purpose for which it is submitted ( e.g. , to answer a question , to send information ) . In addition , if you do choose to provide information , it is only used to respond to your request ( e.g. , addressing a package to send you pamphlets or booklets ) or to provide a service you are requesting ( e.g. , email notifications ) . Information we receive by e-mail is disclosed to the public only pursuant to the laws and policies governing the dissemination of information . However , information submitted to NWS becomes an agency record and therefore might be subject to a Freedom of Information Act request . Top of Page The information NWS collects is used for a variety of purposes ( e.g. , E-spotter forms , product user survey forms ) . We make every effort to clearly disclose at the point of collection how information is used and allow our Web site visitor to determine whether they wish to provide the information . Top of Page We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute , policy or both . Top of Page The NWS offers educational content to children under 13 . No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services . The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users . Top of Page The NWS does not maintain and retrieve information submitted to it based upon personal identifiers ( name , email addresses , etc. ) . Consequently , NWS Web sites do not use or collect information for any Privacy Act System of Records . Top of Page For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users , this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information , or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web sites . Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act . Except for authorized law enforcement investigations , no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits . Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20 . Top of Page NWS may share information received from its Web sites with other Federal agencies . For example , if a breach of our IT security protections were to occur , the information collected by our servers and staff could be shared with appropriate law enforcement and homeland security officials . Top of Page Privacy Act Reference Materials and NOAA Freedom Of Information Act . Top of Page If for some reason you believe this site has not adhered to these principles , please notify the National Weather Service Office of the CIO by e-mail at w-nws.webmaster @ noaa.gov . If our web pages are not fully in compliance with our stated policies , they will be corrected . 
The user agrees that by entering this website , the user will be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of Kasturi & Sons Limited ( KSL ) . KSL hosts several online publications including " The Hindu " , " Business Line " , " Sportstar " , " Frontline " , etc. , which can be accessed through The Hindu Group 's main website . This privacy policy is applicable to all of KSL 's " Online Publications " . User agrees that usage/browsing of the " Online Publications " may lead to the user 's device information , visits to and use of this website ( including [ IP address , geographical location , browser type and version , operating system , referral source , length of visit , page views , website navigation , pixel tag , etc [ hereinafter to be referred to as " information " ] being accessible to KSL and/or third party . A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user 's computer 's hard drive . Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the " Online Publications " on the user 's computer 's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user 's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the " Online Publications " . Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic . KSL only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from KSL 's system . Overall , cookies are made to provide the user with a better website , by enabling KSL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not . A cookie in no way gives access to the user 's computer or any information about the user , other than the data the user chooses to share . Our website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [ viz. Facebook , Google Plus , Pinit etc ] . However , once the user shares/ uses these links KSL does not have any control over other websites . Therefore KSL can not be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites . Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy . The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question . User is advised to use social media and other platforms wisely and with due care and caution with regard to user 's own privacy and personal details . KSL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question . User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user 's own discretion . Social media and other platforms may track and save user 's request to share a web page respectively through user 's social media platform and other accounts . User is invited to submit user comments , questions , ideas , reviews or any other information concerning KSL and the website 's contents , provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation . KSL reserves the right to remove or edit such content . All such submissions should not be illegal , obscene , threatening , defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others . In the event of any grievances user can contact the grievance officer at web.thehindu @ thehindu.co.in or write to us at the following address Kasturi and Sons Limited No. 859 & 860 Anna Salai , Chennai-600002 India KSL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page . You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy . 
Thank you for visiting Indianexpress.com , the website of The Indian Express Group . We respect your privacy and consider it an important element of our business . Our privacy policy is straightforward : We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our website ( s ) unless you volunteer to provide that information to us . This is broadly how we handle the information we gather . If you visit our website ( s ) just to browse , read pages or download information , but do not register for any of our services , we gather and store certain information about your visit automatically . This information can not and does not identify you personally . The kind of information that is gathered automatically include the type of browser you are using ( e.g. Netscape , Internet Explorer ) , the type of Operating System you are using ( e.g. Windows ' 98 or Mac OS ) and the domain name of your Internet Service Provider ( e.g. America Online , Satyam Online , Mantra Online , VSNL ) , the date and time of your visit and the pages you visit . We sometimes use this non-personally identifiable information to improve our website ( s ) design , content and primarily to give you a better browsing experience . We collect personal information from you only if you provide it voluntarily . The type of personally identifiable information that may be collected by us include name , address , e-mail address and information about your interests in and use of various services . For example , you might submit your name and e-mail address to subscribe to our newsletters or to take part in our discussion forum or to send us your feedback . You might also enter another person 's e-mail address and name and yours when you use our ' Mail This Story ' feature . The information you provide is not given or sold to any private organisations or private persons . Our website ( s ) sometimes contain links to other websites whose privacy policies may be different to ours . Visitors should consult the other sites ' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to , or collected by , these third parties . We also use a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on our pages . In the course of serving advertisements , our third-party advertiser may place or recognise a unique " cookie " on your browser and may use information ( not including your name , address , e-mail address ) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . Our website ( s ) has links to other website ( s ) in the World Wide Web . The privacy policies of these website ( s ) is not under our control . Once you leave our servers , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting . It is advisable to read their privacy policies for further information . 
This is the website of Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC d/b/a PRWeb ( " PRWeb " ) . Our postal address is Vocus PRW Holdings , LLC 12051 Indian Creek Ct. Beltsville , MD 20705 PRWeb takes privacy seriously . As a pioneer of online visibility and search engine optimized press release distribution services , we are committed to establishing and maintaining policies and procedures which protect the privacy of personal information gathered from our customers , prospects and other visitors to our website . PRWeb is a newswire service which distributes press releases on behalf of our users . If you decide to submit a press release for distribution through our system we will transmit your entire press release including any personal information therein contained to our media contacts and online distribution points including search engines . This is the only redistribution of your information that we engage in . Your submission of press releases through our system indicates consent with this policy . This Policy applies to all of the products , services and websites offered by PRWeb . If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site , you may contact us at https : //console.prweb.com/prweb/support/index.php . In order for PRWeb to take the appropriate action please describe in reasonable detail the nature of your request or inquiry . We do not share user information with any third parties other than via press release distribution as described above . PRWeb may use " cookie " technology to track or record information about our website visitors . PRWeb requires the use of " cookie " technology so that we can guarantee we 'll present the correct information to users as they move from screen to screen . PRWeb users who disable their web browser 's ability to accept cookies may not be able to successfully use our service . Upon request we provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them . Consumers can access this information by logging into their account . The site contains links to other websites . PRWeb is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites . You will need to check the policy statement of other websites to understand their policies . Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information . It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential . With respect to security , we employ industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving user data exchanged with our site . We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss , misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site . We do not store credit card information in our systems . From time to time , we may use customer information for new , unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice . If our information practices change in the future , we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses . To keep up-to-date with PRWeb 's policy , please check this page periodically . If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy , you may contact us by sending us an email at http : //service.prweb.com/contact-us/ . 
BREITBART.COM PRIVACY POLICY At breitbart.com we are committed to protecting your privacy . Generally , you may visit www.breitbart.com ( our " Site " ) without giving us any information about yourself . However , there are times when we may need to obtain personal information from you in order to provide certain services that you may request . This Privacy Policy was developed to help you understand what information we collect as well as how we use and safeguard the information you provide to us on our Site . This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time , so please revisit this page to remain fully informed of our privacy policy . You can access our home page at www.breitbart.com and browse some areas of our Site without disclosing any personally identifiable information . We do track information provided to us by your browser , including the web site you came from ( known as the referring URL ) , the type of browser you use , the time and date of access , and other information that does not personally identify you . In addition , we gather information about you that is automatically collected by our web server , such as your IP address , domain name and pages that you access . Breitbart.com may use web server and browser information to individually customize its offerings and presentations if you submit your personal information . We may also collect personal information , including your name , cell phone number , e-mail address , and certain demographic data , only when you choose to voluntarily provide to us such information , such as by registering , making inquiries regarding our services , requesting breaking news alerts , reporting any problems with our Site , providing us with feedback on our Site , or otherwise . We do not collect information through " cookies " , but our advertisers may collect cookies when you click through the advertisement to their website . Cookies are small strings of text sent by the site to your browser which are then stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive . Amongst other things , Advertisers use cookies to understand how you and others are using their site , to identify repeat visitors , and to determine the paths visitors take on their site . They also use cookies to determine whether you visited their site from a particular Internet link or advertisement . Most web browsers automatically accept cookies , but it is possible to change your browser setup to allow you to control whether you will accept cookies , reject cookies , or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to you . If your browser is set to reject cookies , the advertiser may not recognize you when you return to their site . The Help section of your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies " . When you register we may ask for information such as your name , email address , cellular phone number , and additional information . Once you register with breitbart.com and sign in to our services , you may no longer be anonymous to us or our advertisers . Our Site is a general audience web site and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . By using our site , you represent that you are not under 13 years of age . Links to Third Party Web Sites : Our Site may offer links to other web sites , including links embedded in advertisements and links to various news sources . Such links to other websites may have information policies and practices different from ours . In addition , certain companies associated with breitbart.com may have their own privacy policies . We do not own or control such companies and web sites , and are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of web sites that we do not own or control . How We Protect Your Information : We use industry-accepted technology to protect your data from disclosure to unauthorized third parties . Our server is also protected by a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to any information we may store . Although these measures are typically effective , use of the Internet and related computer systems is inherently vulnerable to unauthorized access or " hacking. "  No guarantee can be given that all information you provide to us will not be accessed by unauthorized persons . How We Use Your Information : We collect , retain , and use internally Site visitor information only for legitimate business purposes , including the following : to correspond with you regarding our site or services , to inform you of developments in our company or with our services that we believe may be of interest to you , to send you breaking news alerts , to monitor Site visitor traffic patterns and Site usage , to comply with applicable laws , to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , and to protect the rights , property , or safety of breitbart.com , our users , and others . We may also use the information we collect to occasionally e-mail you regarding important functionality changes to the Site or to e-mail you announcements and promotions related to our business , products , and/or services . If you would rather not receive such correspondence , please e-mail us to that effect at webmaster @ breitbart.com . If you have provided us more than one e-mail address , please remember to e-mail us from each of the e-mail accounts you have given us . Except as provided below , we limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We strive to maintain the accuracy of our customer information . We respond promptly to update our database when you tell us your information is not accurate . When We May Disclose Your Information : We may share in aggregate , statistical form non-personal information regarding the visitors to our Site , traffic patterns , and Site usage with our partners , affiliates , investors , or other third parties . We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law or may disclose such information in response to a request from a law enforcement agency or authority . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary and may share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of breitbart.com 's Terms of Use , or as otherwise required by law . We may transfer information about you if breitbart.com is acquired by or merged with another company . To maintain a site that is free of charge , Breitbart.com contains advertising . Breitbart.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad , you may disclose personal information to their website and are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Consent : By using this Site , you consent to our collection and use of personal information you choose to provide to us . We reserve the right , at any time , to modify , alter , or update this statement , and any such modifications , alterations , or updates will be effective upon posting . Privacy Questions : If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy , please them to us email at webmaster @ breitbart.com . Breitbart.com may also be contacted directly at the following address :  Designated Agent : Webmaster Address of Agent : 149 S. Barrington Ave. , # 401 , Los Angeles , CA 90049 E-mail for notice : webmaster @ breitbart.com This Privacy Policy is revised as of February 4 , 2008 and may be modified from time to time . 
By accessing and making use of the services offered by Al Arabiya News ( Al Arabiya ' ) and/or the digital properties of Al Arabiya , you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy . Al Arabiya is committed to the protection of the privacy of the users of its services . This Privacy Policy explains how Al Arabiya deals with your personal information , including :  What information we collect from you and why we collect it . How we use that information . The choices we offer you with respect to your personal information , including how to access and update that information . We collect information to provide better services to all of our users . Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience . It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties . We collect information to provide better services to all of our users . Knowing something about you helps us give you more of what you want more shows , more exclusives , more information , more competitions and a better user experience . It also helps us to figure out more complex things like which advertisements you 'll find most useful or services and information that are most relevant to you , thereby giving a much better and more useful experience of our digital properties . Information you give us . We collect personal information from users as and when provided to us through the use of online forms , surveys and every time you email us your details . Additionally , some of our services may require you to sign in to take advantage of certain features . In other instances , we may invite you to sign up for certain services , such as newsletters , or information feeds ( e.g. SMS updates ) . When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , or telephone number . If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features that we offer ( e.g. participation in viewer forums and discussion boards , engagement with second-screen co-viewing apps ) , we may also ask you to create a publicly visible profile , which may if you choose - include your name and photo . Information we get from your use of our services . We also collect additional information automatically about your visit to our digital properties . We use cookies to identify you when you visit our digital properties , to follow your browsing patterns and build up your demographic profile . A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser , which enables the server to collect information from the browser . Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies . If you want to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser . However , some cookies are essential for us to use in order to provide you with the services you have requested and switching off cookies will restrict your use of our digital properties . We process personal information collected from you and our digital properties for the purposes of providing you with the services you request from us , as well as maintaining and improving the services we provide to you , and developing new ones . We also use the information to conduct market research and to provide you with tailored content such as relevant advertisements and services . When you contact Al Arabiya , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing . We may use your contact details to send you direct marketing , including to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming program information or improvements to our digital properties . We also use information we collect from cookies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services . We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Al Arabiya services for example to make it easier to share things with people you know . We will not combine advertising server cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent to do so . Al Arabiya processes personal information on our servers , which might reside in a number of countries around the world . We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live and for this purpose transfer your personal information out of your country of residence . We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy . We will only disclose personal information to members of Al Arabiya and its mother company , successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf . Otherwise , we will never share any personal information collected from you with other companies , organizations and individuals unless :  It is done with your consent : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya when we have your consent to do so , including for external processing where we provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . It is for legal reasons : We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Al Arabiya if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to : Meet the requirements of any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . Enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations . Detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . Protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Al Arabiya , our users or the public as required or permitted by law . We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners like advertisers or connected sites . For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services . We do our best to protect Al Arabiya and our users from unauthorized access , use , alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold . In particular :  We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , from time to time to guard against unauthorized access to systems . We restrict access to personal information to authorized Al Arabiya employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations . We will give you ways to update , or delete your personal information - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes . When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) . We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction . Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems . This Privacy Policy applies to all the services offered by Al Arabiya , its mother company , and its affiliates , including services offered on other digital properties ( e.g. our news services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy . Our digital properties may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy . If you access other sites using the links provided , the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies , which may differ from ours . We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy . Any changes of this Privacy Policy will be published on this page . 
Financial Times privacy policy High quality global journalism requires investment . Please share this article with others using the link below , do not cut & paste the article . See our Ts & Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail . Email ftsales.support @ ft.com to buy additional rights . http : //help.ft.com/tools-services/financial-times-privacy-policy/# ixzz2oHSA2vdg Financial Times privacy policy Financial Times group takes the privacy of its users seriously . We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing a personalised and valuable service . This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Financial Times businesses . If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer @ ft.com . Our sites contain links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy . We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit . Personal information is collected by the FT companies listed below on behalf of the Financial Times group of companies and its trading entities ( including FDI Intelligence and Exec-Appointments ) . Each of these FT companies are registered with the UK 's Information Commission as Data Controllers in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 . References in this privacy policy to FT , we , us , our or similar refer to the FT group company operating the relevant website and references to FT sites refer to any of our websites from which you have accessed this privacy policy . Company : The Financial Times Ltd Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL Registered Number : 227590 Data Protection Registration Number : Z7087146 Company : FT Personal Finance Ltd Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL Registered Number : 3855520 Data Protection Registration Number : Z7670392 Company : The Financial Times ( M-M UK ) Limited , trading as Money-Media or Ignites Europe Registered Office : Number One Southwark Bridge , London SE1 9HL Registered Number : 139844 Data Protection Registration Number : ZVK463 We collect personally identifiable information about you ( your Data ) through :  the use of enquiry and registration forms your purchase of any our products or services the provision of your details to us either online or offline . The elements of your Data that we collect may include :  Name Job title Company name Company address , phone and fax number Home address and phone number Mobile telephone number E-mail address Payment details such as credit card information Date of birth Educational history , work experience and other information from your CV if you provide this to us Market research data such as readership patterns Usage statistics We may also collect information that we request from you regarding your use of our service or that we collect automatically about your visit to our sites . Please see our Cookies Policy for more details . We use your Data for purposes which may include : providing our users with a personalised service processing orders , registrations and enquiries conducting market research surveys allowing users to participate in interactive features of our service , where they choose to do so providing reports to our Clients containing information about usage under corporate licenses running competitions , prize draws and promotions providing you with information about products and services we offer ( if you agree to receive such information ) sharing your Data with third party organisations who offer products or services which we feel may be of interest to you ( if you agree to receive such information ) contacting you about specific recruitment opportunities if you register search criteria information on our recruitment sites . monitoring compliance with our Terms and Conditions and Copyright Policy See our Cookies Policy for more details . If you wish to receive information about FT group products or services or from other carefully selected organisations about products or services they offer , please indicate your preferences using the consent boxes when providing us with your Data . We may also disclose your information to business partners and to third party suppliers we engage to provide services which involve processing data on our behalf , successors in title to our business or in accordance with a properly executed court order or as otherwise required to do so by law . We reserve the right to fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring or requesting us to disclose the identity or other usage details of any user of our sites . We also use information in aggregate form ( so that no individual user is identified by name ) :  to build up marketing profiles to aid strategic development to manage our relationship with advertisers to audit usage of the site . We use technology on the registration , subscription and manage my account pages of some of our websites , which may record user movements , including page scrolling , mouse clicks and text entered . It will not record financial information such as credit or debit card details . The data we collect in this way helps us to identify usability issues , to improve the assistance and technical support we can provide to users and is also used for aggregated and statistical reporting purposes . Please refer to our Cookies Policy . Financial Times businesses have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users ' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use , alteration , unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss . User Data may be transferred outside the FT group to data processors such as fulfilment houses but they will act only on our instructions to provide the services required . The Internet is a global environment . Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis . Therefore , by browsing the FT sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way . By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered ( as detailed above ) you are deemed to provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area . If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact help @ ft.com visit the Contact Us section of our website ( excluding Investors Chronicle , FDI Intelligence , FT Adviser , Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com , Non-execs.com , Ignites Europe and Mandatewire.com websites ) . Investors Chronicle If you are a user of www.InvestorsChronicle.co.uk and you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact ic.cs @ ft.com , visit manage account or phone +44 ( 0 ) 844 848 0106 . Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes . FDI Intelligence If you are a user of FDI products and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact fdiintelligence @ ft.com , visit manage my account or ph +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6896 . FT Adviser If you are an FT Adviser user and you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact ftadviser.enquiries @ ft.com , phone 0845 456 1516 or visit manage my account Exec-Appointments , MBA-Direct.com and Non-execs.com If you wish to amend any of the Data that we hold about you or update your marketing preferences , please sign into your account below and go to your personal profile or phone +44 ( 0 ) 207 873 4909 . exec-appointments.com account mba-direct.com account non-execs.com account Ignites Europe If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please visit the Preferences or Contact Us section of our website or phone UK +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6668 or US +1 212 542 1245 . Calls made to these numbers may be recorded for training and quality control purposes . Mandatewire If you wish to amend any of the date which we hold about you , or update your marketing preferences , please contact contact.mandatewire @ ft.com or phone ( UK ) +44 ( 0 ) 20 7775 6080 or ( NYC ) +1212-542-1245 All users In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 , you may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting the Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy.officer @ ft.com or writing to :  Company Secretary The Financial Times Ltd Number One Southwark Bridge London SE1 9HL United Kingdom We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information . We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age . We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained . This policy is effective from 22nd May 2012 . From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation , best practice or website enhancements.enhancements . 
Privacy Policy Topix respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use Topix 's services ( " Topix Services " ) . Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission or as explained in this privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) . Upon your first visit to Topix.com , Topix sends a " cookie " to your computer . A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user . Topix uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more . Topix does this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how people use the Topix Services . Topix will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent . Be aware , however , that some parts of the Topix Services may not function properly if you refuse cookies . In the course of serving advertisements to this site , our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser . Topix does not collect any unique information about you ( such as your name , email address , etc. )  except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information . For example , Topix DOES collect such information from those users registering as Community Users and/or User Editors . Topix notes and saves information such as time of day , browser type , browser language , and IP address with each query . That information is used to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to users . For example , Topix may use your IP address or browser language to determine which language to use when showing search results or advertisements . The stories/sites displayed and/or linked to by the Topix.com Service are developed by people over whom Topix exercises no control . Other links are also on sites not controlled by Topix . These other sites may send their own cookies to users , collect data , or solicit personal information . Topix encourages you to read the privacy policy of all web sites you visit . Topix may choose to exhibit its results in the form of a " URL redirecter. "  When Topix uses a URL redirecter , if you click on a URL on a Topix page , information about the click is sent to Topix , and Topix in turn sends you to the site you clicked on . Topix uses this URL information to understand and improve the quality of Topix 's technology . Topix may share information about you with advertisers , business partners , sponsors , and other third parties . However , we only divulge aggregate information about our users and will not share personally identifiable information with any third party without your express consent . For example , we may disclose how frequently the average Topix user visits Topix , or which Topix pages are most often used . Please be aware , however , that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute , or court order . Further , Topix reserves the right to cooperate with legitimate law enforcement requests for information at its sole discretion . We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13 , we will delete that information from our systems . Topix uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you . To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out , you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . This automatically-collected data is also used by Topix to analyze trends , administer the site and track users ' use of the site . In addition , Topix collects personally identifiable information from users ( including email addresses , names , gender , date of birth , and zip code ) during the registration process . This information may be used by Topix to improve our site and the overall user experience . Topix may , through its website , iPhone applications and related sites , request your location via a geolocation service . Through this service Topix may collect , depending on the capabilities of your device , information about the wifi routers closest to you , indentifying information related to the cell towersclosest to you , and the strength of your wifi or cell signal . Topix will use this information to return an estimated location . This information ( including your IP address ) may then be used by Topix to develop new features , products or services . This information may also be shared on an aggregated or individual basis with our third party advertisers to display better-targeted advertising content . By using the Topix Services and our web site , you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy . Topix may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time . When we do , we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances we disclose it . Feel free to contact us any time and we 'll answer any additional questions you may have . If you have additional questions , feel free to contact us . 
The Privacy Policy ( hereinafter " the policy " ) provided below is with respect to our use and protection of any personal information you provide to us through the hindustantimes.com website . HT Media Ltd. is the sole owner of the website www.hindustantimes.com ( hereinafter " website " ) . The Policy is applicable to the website . It may also be applicable generally to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein . You may be required to provide personally identifiable information at several different points on our website . By accepting the policy at the time of registration , you expressly approve and consent to our collection , storage , use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy . You can visit/surf our website without providing any personal information . However , if you choose to avail of certain services on our website , you shall be required to provide certain information for the registration and/or access to such services/web pages . Such information may include , without limitation , your name , email address , contact address , mobile/telephone number ( s ) , sex , age , occupation , interests , financial information , content , IP address , standard web log information and such other information as may be required for your interaction with the services . a ) At HT Media We collect only Non-Personally Identifiable Information ( Non-PII ) of users . We clearly state that that information which is collected is divulged only in the event if user chooses to provide his/her information based on his/her knowledge and self-consent or for any compliance , statutory , governance , legal issues etc . b ) Opt-in or Opt-out : The choice to do so is available/freely at all times via aSpecial media 's , " Preferences " page via Self blocking of cookies via browser option or user may choose the Opt-in or out from our partner 's website at http : //aspecialmedia.com/preferences.html If you choose to provide us with the abovementioned information , you consent to the use , transfer and storage of the information so provided by you on our servers . The information provided by you shall not be sold/given/rented to third parties ( third parties for this purpose do not include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) for marketing purposes and other related activities without your prior consent . The information provided by you shall be used by us to :  Improve our website and enable us to provide you the most user-friendly experience which is safe , smooth and customized ;  Improve and customize our services , content and other commercial /non - commercial features on the website ;  Send you information on our products , services , special deals , promotions ;  Send you marketing/promotional communications ( If you do not wish to receive such marketing/promotional communications from us you may indicate your preferences at the time of registration or by following the instructions provided on the website or by providing instructions to this effect ) ;  Send newsletter ( s ) to you ( Provided you subscribe to the same ) ;  Send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so ;  Provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website ( If you participate , we may request certain additional personally identifiable information from you . Moreover , participation in these surveys or contests is shall be completely voluntary and you therefore shall have a choice whether or not to disclose such additional information ) ;  Provide customer support and the services you request ;  Resolve disputes , if any and troubleshooting ;  Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce Agreements ;  Provide service updates and promotional offers related to our services/products . Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ;  Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ;  Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ;  Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ;  Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; and Respond to Claims of third parties ;  The personal information provided by you shall also be disclosed to :  The members of our corporate family , affiliates , service providers and third parties under a contract to provide joint services , contents and marketing communications ; and Other third parties to whom you explicitly require us to send the information ;  If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website , we will ask you for your friend 's name and email address . We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the website . However , your friend may contact us to request that he does not require such services/content/email or we remove the information related to him from our database . Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us , we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password . We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries with respect to our services/content , to provide the services you request , and to manage your account . We will communicate with you by email or telephone , in accordance with your wishes . In order to provide certain services to you , we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submitted to us with information from third party sources ( third parties for this purpose may include our group / holding / subsidiary companies and or our service partners / associates ) . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website . We use cookies on the website but do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website . We do not set cookies to store your passwords . If you reject cookies , you will still use our website . We have no access to or control over third party cookies and we do n't store any cookies and just use the facility of .net framework for page output cache . This privacy statement does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . You can access and modify your personal information by signing on to the website . We will not modify the information provided by you . However , you must update your personal information as soon as such changes are necessitated . Where you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it nor shall you be able to close your account . Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law ( s ) . However , we will retain your personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , Avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce User Agreements ; Comply with any court judgment / decree / order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law ; Investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws ; Investigate deliberate damage to the website/services or its legitimate operation ; Detect , prevent , or otherwise address security and/or technical issues ; Protect the rights , property or safety of HTML and/or its Directors , employees and the general public at large ; Respond to Claims of third parties ; and take such other actions as may be permitted by law . Your password is the key to your account . You shall be solely responsible for all the activities happening under your username and you shall be solely responsible for keeping your password secure . Do not disclose your password to anyone . If you share your password or your personal information with others , you shall be solely responsible for all actions taken under your username and you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf . Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password . In the event HT Media Ltd. goes through a business transition , such as a merger , acquisition by another company , or sale of all or a portion of its assets , your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred . Where your information is transferred you will be notified via email/prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information . The security of your personal information is important to us . When you enter your personal information we treat the data as an asset that must be protected and use tools ( encryption , passwords , physical security , etc. )  to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure . However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure , therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information , we can not guarantee its absolute security nor can we guarantee that third parties shall not unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications , and that other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that you provide . Therefore , although we work hard to protect your information , we do not promise , and you should not expect , that your personal information or private communications will always remain private . The website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by HT Media Ltd . Please be aware that we , HT Media Ltd. and/or the website , are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by the website or to our other related websites provided it appears at the footer of the page therein . It does not apply to third party advertisements which appear on our websites and we suggest you read the privacy statements of such advertisers . If we decide to change our privacy policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement and such other places we deem appropriate so that you are updated about the manner we collect information , what information we collect , how we use it and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently at If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy , please contact us 
Privacy Policy This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information . We collect , use , and share personal information to help the classified.bdnews24.com website work and to keep it safe ( details below ) . In formal terms , bdnews24.com , acting itself and through its subsidiaries , is the " data controller " of your personal information . Information posted on bdnews24.com is obviously publicly available . Our servers are located in Dhaka , Bangladesh . Therefore , if you choose to provide us with personal information , you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers . We collect and store the following personal information :  email address , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information ;  computer sign-on data , statistics on page views , traffic to and from bdnews24.com and Ad data ( all through cookies you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site ) ;  other information , including users IP address and standard web log information . We may use users ' personal information to : provide our service ( s ) ; resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems ; encourage safe trading and enforce our policies ; customize users ' experience , measure interest in our services , and inform users about services and updates ; marketing and promotional purposes ;  All information contained by bdnews24.com is treated as strictly confidential and bdnews24.com does not and will not disclose or share such confidential information to / with any external organization . The users ' privacy is very important to us . We do not and shall not at any point in time , either sell or rent users ' personal information to third parties without users ' explicit consent . We may be required from time to time to disclose users ' personal information to Governmental or law enforcing agencies or our regulators , but we will only do so under proper jurisdiction . bdnews24.com also reserves the right to make use of the personal information in any investigation or judicial process relating to fraud on account of such transactions during the period bdnews24.com retains such information . We may also disclose personal information to enforce our policies , respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other 's rights , or protects anyone 's rights , property or safety . We may share personal information with :  - Corporate affiliates who help to detect or prevent potentially illegal acts and provide joint services ( Our corporate affiliates will market only to users who ask them to ) . - Service providers who help with our business operations . You may use personal information gathered from classified.bdnews24.com only to follow up with another user about a specific posting , not to send spam / phising or collect personal information from someone who has n't agreed to that . The bdnews24.com site and Content available through the Service may contain features and functionalities that may link you or provide you with access to third party content which is completely independent of bdnews24.com , including web sites , directories , servers , networks , systems , information and databases , applications , software , programs , products or services , and the Internet as a whole . Access to the Service bdnews24.com grants you a limited , revocable , nonexclusive license to access the Service for your own personal use . This license does not include : ( a ) access to the Service by Posting Agents ; or ( b ) any collection , aggregation , copying , duplication , display or derivative use of the Service nor any use of data mining , robots , spiders , or similar data gathering and extraction tools for any purpose unless expressly permitted by bdnews24.com . A limited exception to ( b ) is provided to general purpose internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Service , provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent and comply with file system . You can see , modify or erase your personal information by reviewing your posting or account status page . Contact customer support at privacy @ bdnews24.com to review any personal information we store that is not available on classified.bdnews24.com . There may be a charge associated with such requests but these will not exceed the amounts permitted by law . We delete personal information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier . We retain personal information as permitted by law to resolve disputes , enforce our policies ; and prevent bad guys from coming back . We use a number of mechanisms ( encryption , passwords , physical security ) to protect the security and integrity of your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure . So while we strive to protect such information , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk . Once any personal information comes into our possession , we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access , modification or disclosure . Users who use any of the features on classifieds.bdnews24.com agree and accept that they have been fully informed by bdnews24.com that the use of features may lead to publication , to all users of classified.bdnews24.com , of any personal information posted by them while using any specific feature on classified.bdnews24.com . Users further agree that the authenticity of , and consequences from the posting by users of any personal information of themselves or any other person , are the sole responsibility of the user . Users further agree and accept that the terms of the Privacy Policy will be applicable to the use of all features , existing and new . However , the Users agree and accept that confidentiality of information posted on such features has been waived by the Users of such features themselves . We may update , upgrade , modify ( partially & /or fully ) this policy at any time , with updates taking effect when you next post or after 30 days , whichever is sooner . If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition , we may share personal information with another company , but this policy will continue to apply . Send questions about this policy to privacy @ bdnews24.com . 
Newsmax Media , Inc. , including newsmax.com , newsmaxhealth.com , moneynews.com , newsmaxworld.com , lignet.com , fbtalliance.com , shop.newsmax.com , the Newsmax Magazine Mobile Application , and any other affiliated sites or mobile applications operated by Newsmax Media , Inc. ( the Newsmax Offerings ) , is committed to maintaining the privacy of all visitors to the Newsmax Offerings as described by this Privacy Policy . BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OF OUR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY , YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS . YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS INDICATES TO US THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU ACCEPT ANY CHANGES THERETO , WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY REVIEWED EITHER THE POLICY OR ANY CHANGES THERETO . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect your Personal Data ( as defined below ) on the Newsmax Offerings , how we protect such data , and the choices you have concerning our use of such data . Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . This Privacy Policy represents our current ( as of the last updated date , above ) data collection and usage practices . Newsmax will from time to time review and revise these practices . We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here . Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis . For the purposes of this Privacy Policy , " Newsmax " , " we " , " us " , and " our " means Newsmax Media , Inc. and its affiliates . This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Newsmax Offerings . We are not responsible for the privacy of any information ( i ) that you reveal or post in any public forum that may be or in the future become available on the Newsmax Offerings , such as message boards or chat rooms , ( ii ) that is available now to the general public through no action or fault of Newsmax , or ( iii ) that Newsmax receives from any third party reasonably known to have a legal right to transmit such information and under no obligation to keep such information confidential . We are also not responsible for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties that may be linked to or from the Newsmax Offerings . Personal data is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you , such as your name , e-mail address , postal address , or phone number ( " Personal Data " ) . Newsmax may collect Personal Data from you when you enroll in , subscribe to or agree to purchase any of our paid goods and services , or register for news alerts on the Newsmax Offerings . In addition to information collected during registration , enrollment , subscription or purchase , Newsmax may collect Personal Data knowingly provided by you in e-mails to the Newsmax Offerings , online forms , order and registration forms , surveys , polls , sweepstakes , and contest entries . Providing this information is always at your option , although your failure to provide Personal Data in such instances may limit your ability to use such features of the Newsmax Offerings . In all of these cases , we will collect Personal Data from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us . We will not sell , share , license , trade or rent your Personal Data other than as specified in this Privacy Policy , unless we have your consent to do so . We may , from time to time in emails , alerts or other mailings you have agreed to accept from us , include advertisements , sponsorships , other offers from or information about third parties . This does not and will not mean that Newsmax endorses any specific products or services available from such third parties . Such materials from those third parties , regardless of their relationship with us , are provided merely for information purposes and users should make their own judgments and evaluation of any services or products available on any other websites . You do not have to provide us with any Personal Data to visit the Newsmax Offerings . However , if you choose to withhold requested information , you may not be able to visit all sections or use all features of the Newsmax Offerings . In addition to Personal Data , Newsmax and service providers it engages may collect and/or track information that by itself is not used to identify you personally or to contact you , such as demographic information , domain names , computer type , browser types , screen resolution , and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Newsmax Offerings ( " Monitoring Data " ) . We use Monitoring Data to help us understand who uses the Newsmax Offerings and to improve Newsmax 's websites . To enhance the Internet experience on the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax and service providers it engages may use various Internet technologies such as , cookies , ' web beacons , ' action tags , ' web bug , ' .gif tags , ' and JavaScript ' ( together , " Tracking Tools " ) . Tracking Tools are files or tools that are placed on your computer in order to identify your Web browser and the activities of your computer on the Newsmax Offerings . Newsmax uses these technologies to customize and enhance the Internet experience of individual users . When you revisit the Newsmax Offerings , Newsmax may recognize you by a Tracking Tool and customize your experience accordingly . For example , once you have completed the registration process , a cookie will be used to remember your registration preferences . You may decline Internet cookies , if any , by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software , if available . If cookies are disabled , however , all features of the Newsmax Offerings may not operate as intended . Information about the procedure you are required to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider 's website . We believe Tracking Tool technologies add value to the user experience , and the information obtained through these technologies is not sold or otherwise made available to third parties by Newsmax , other than as may from time to time be specified in this Privacy Policy . Newsmax may use Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects for editorial and feedback purposes , marketing and promotion , statistical analysis of users ' behavior , product development , delivering products and services , providing customer support , customizing and improving the content and layout of the Newsmax Offerings , completing business transactions , administering individual accounts and meeting government regulatory requirements such as sales tax collection . Monitoring Data may be used for internal or external purposes such as researching and identifying market segments and needs . Newsmax may share your Personal Data and other data collected with service providers , affiliates , and subsidiaries in connection with the services we provide . Newsmax may disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary ( a ) to comply with applicable laws , rules , or regulations , or to preserve Newsmax 's legal rights in the Newsmax Offerings ' content , whether the same arises from contract or through force of law ; ( b ) to provide you with any services , information , special offers , promotions or products you requested or consented to and to allow us to perform other activities related to such services and products ; or ( c ) to operate these Newsmax Offerings and other of Newsmax 's systems properly . Newsmax may also share your Personal Data with a sponsor or other third party that is interested in serving you ( " Third-Party Providers " ) . You may instruct us at any time not to share your Personal Data with such Third-Party Providers by contacting us in the manner provided under " Your Choices Regarding Personal Data Collection and Use " . Newsmax is not responsible for any further use or disclosure of your Personal Data by Third-Party Providers ; such use or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers ' privacy policies . Newsmax reserves the right to transfer Personal Data and Monitoring Data it collects to successors to the relevant portion of any of Newsmax 's businesses or to independent contractors it engages to assist with or perform on Newsmax 's behalf any of the foregoing activities . Also , if Newsmax 's assets are subject to a claim in bankruptcy , Personal Data and Monitoring Data may be an asset subject to the claims of a trustee in bankruptcy and may be available to Newsmax 's creditors . In addition , Newsmax reserves the right to use Personal Data to contact you regarding your account status and changes to this Privacy Policy or any other policies , agreements or transactions relevant to your use of the Newsmax Offerings . Newsmax will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity of the collected data so that it is reliable and appropriate for the foregoing uses . You may choose to receive promotional correspondence from Newsmax and its marketing partners by checking the appropriate box when you register or by contacting Newsmax via telephone at 800-485-4350 . Newsmax will not share any Personal Data with a third party without giving you the opportunity to choose to share such Data . You may modify , correct , change or update Personal Data that Newsmax has collected via the Newsmax Offerings or request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via the telephone number indicated below . If you have purchased products , including subscriptions , from us in the past , you may also request that your Personal Data be removed from Newsmax 's database by contacting Newsmax via e-mail at customerservice @ Newsmax.com , in addition to contacting us by phone at 800-485-4350 . In any instance , our removal of such information may require you to register again with Newsmax in the event you later wish full access to the Newsmax Offerings . You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove or verify each and every record of information you have provided to us from our system . The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Data may exist in archived systems . However , promptly after receiving your request , all Personal Data stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated , corrected , changed , deleted or confirmed to you , as appropriate , as soon as reasonably practicable . The Newsmax Offerings may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties ( " Other Sites " ) , either as a hyperlink or through a direct data feed accessed by you . Newsmax does not endorse , and is not responsible for , the privacy practices or the content of these websites . You should review the applicable privacy policies in connection with your use of such third party websites . Newsmax has established reasonable precautions to protect collected Personal Data from loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure , alteration or destruction , which include contractual , administrative , physical , and technical steps . Technical measures include use of firewall protection and encryption technology where appropriate . Although Newsmax takes reasonable precautions to assess the reliability of such technology , it relies on the statements of the vendors of those products and services as part of its security evaluation . BY USING THE NEWSMAX OFFERINGS , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT TO THE FACT THAT NEWSMAX SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR FAILURES OF SUCH PRODUCTS AND SERVICES AND THAT YOU SHALL HAVE RECOURSE SOLELY AGAINST THE MANUFACTURERS OR VENDORS THEREOF . Please note that while Newsmax has endeavored to create secure and reliable sites and mobile application ( s ) for users , the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from Newsmax or the Newsmax Offerings or via e-mail can not be guaranteed . If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , please call : 800-485-4350 , or mail : Newsmax Media , 1501 Northpoint Parkway , Suite 104 , West Palm Beach , FL 33407 . Questions or concerns regarding Newsmax 's data protection practices should be e-mailed to : customerservice @ newsmax.com . If you choose to contact Newsmax via e-mail about this policy , please mark the subject heading of your e-mail " Privacy Inquiry. "  Read Latest Breaking News from Newsmax.com http : //www.newsmax.com/privacystatement# ixzz2nziBJGbX Urgent : Should Obamacare Be Repealed ? Vote Here Now ! 
Privacy Policy Effective January 23 , 2010 Privacy Notice Table Of Contents : Our Commitment To Privacy The Information We Collect How We Use Information Our Commitment To Data Security Our Commitment To Children 's Privacy How To Access Or Correct Your Information How To Contact Us We take your privacy seriously . To protect it better , this notice explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . To make this notice easy to find , we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested . This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the DNAIndia.com website . On some pages , you can register for certain services . The types of personal information collected at these pages may include : Name Date of Birth Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit card information We do not share with outside parties any information that you may give us while registering on the site . We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers . For example , we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website , or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form , but we will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals . Finally , we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also giving you a chance to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses . To prevent unauthorised access , maintain data accuracy , and ensure the correct use of information , we have put in place appropriate physical , electronic , and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online . Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important . For that reason , we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 . You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by visiting following URL : http : //www.dnaindia.com/user We use this procedure to better safeguard your information . You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error . To protect your privacy and security , we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections . Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies , please call us at +91-22-43888349 between noon and 8pm IST , Monday to Friday , or send us an email at editoronline @ dnaindia.net . 
Privacy Policy This privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) applies to your use of the U.S. News Services only and does not cover information collected by any third party sites to which the U.S. News Services links , or to any other products or services offered by U.S. News other than on the U.S. News Services . This Privacy Policy is part of , and is hereby incorporated into , the U.S. News Services ' Terms and Conditions . You can read the entire Terms and Conditions by either scrolling up to the top of this Web page or by clicking here . If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions , including the Privacy Policy , in their entirety , please do not use any U.S. News Services . U.S. News may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name , telephone number , postal address , e-mail address and credit card information so that we or selected companies can provide you with the products and services you request . For example , we may ask you for your name , e-mail address , and certain other information in connection with certain features . U.S. News may also collect your credit card information when you make a purchase , so that we can process your payment for the product or service you are requesting . During the ordering process , such credit card information is transmitted either to U.S. News or to the particular supplier or service provider who provides the service you are purchasing . In both cases , credit card information is then transmitted to third-party credit card processors and card issuers that use your information to process your order . U.S. News may also collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit the U.S. News Services , such as your browser configuration , the type of operating system you are using , and information about your Internet service provider . We may use the information you supply to fulfill your requests for products and services , to respond to your inquiries , and to offer other products and services from either us or selected companies which may be of interest to you . If you decide that you do not wish to receive such communications from U.S. News and others , you may opt-out of receiving further e-mails and other communications by clicking " Unsubscribe " in any email . If you choose to submit content for publication ( e.g. , a letter to our editors , or information to be posted as a comment ) , we may publish your name , screen name or such other information you supply . If you have indicated interest in receiving information directly from a selected outside company , we may provide such selected outside company with information that may include but not be limited to your name , telephone number , postal address and email address . If you decide that you do not wish to receive further communications from such selected outside company , you will need to so notify such selected outside company . We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information we collect through our use of cookies to improve the design , delivery and content of our publications and the U.S. News Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience . We may also use the non-personally identifiable information we collect in the aggregate to analyze how visitors use the U.S. News Services , as well as to provide you with offers and information about products and services which you have agreed to receive . In addition , U.S. News may disclose information we maintain ( A ) if in good faith we believe that such disclosure is necessary to ( 1 ) comply with the law or legal process ; ( 2 ) protect and defend our rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the U.S. News Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety , property , or rights of our users or the public , or ( B ) in connection with a corporate transaction , such as a divestiture , merger , consolidation , or asset sale . If at some point after giving U.S. News your personally identifying information , you do not wish to continue to receive additional information and offers from U.S. News about U.S. News , from U.S. News 's affiliates , or from selected outside companies , you may opt out of receiving future emails by clicking the " Unsubscribe " link located at the bottom of each e-mail . If you purchased content appearing at www.usnews.com or otherwise purchased products through the U.S. News Store , you can edit your U.S. News Store profile after you have logged into your account . " Cookies " are pieces of information that are placed by the U.S. News Services in a storage place on your computer or mobile device . Cookies do not contain information that is , in itself , personally identifying . Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements , to calculate unique site visitors , and to track usage throughout our site . Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for our services that use logins . In addition , some advertisers or featured services providers may place cookies on your computer or mobile device . These companies may use cookies and other tracking information to collect information about your visits to usnews.com and other websites , so that they can measure the effectiveness of ads , to track page usage and paths followed during visits , and to provide advertisements about goods and services they think will be of interest to you based on your usage . These companies may provide this data to us . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , click here . We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services business , including but not limited to the following companies with whom we share information in order to operate the U.S. News Services and deliver our service to you :  We use the services of a third party marketing company , Omniture , to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use the U.S. News Services . To do this , we use Web beacons and cookies provided by this third party marketing company at the U.S. News Services . This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which of our products most interest our customers , and what kinds of offers our customers like to see . You can " opt-out " of our ability to analyze such Omniture data by clicking here . We also use a third party advertising company , DoubleClick , to deliver ads to you when you visit the U.S. News Services . In the course of providing this service , our third-party advertising company may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser which collects information about your visits to the U.S. News Services , such as the number of times you have viewed an ad ( but not your name , address , e-mail address , telephone number or other personally identifiable information ) . If you would like more information about this practice and to understand your choice not to have this information used by DoubleClick , please click here . We have contracted with a third party , ValueClick , Inc. , to monitor certain pages of the U.S. News Services for the purpose of reporting traffic , statistics , advertisement ' click-throughs ' , and/or other activities on the U.S. News Services . Where authorized by us , ValueClick and its business partners may use cookies , web beacons , and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about visitors to the U.S. News Services . No personally identifiable information is collected by or transferred to any party other than U.S. News . For more information about how the information is collected and used by ValueClick , please see ValueClick 's privacy policy by clicking here . Portions of the U.S. News Services permit you to integrate such U.S. News Service with Facebook . Through such integration , U.S. News may receive personally identifiable information about you such as your name , profile picture , educational institutions you have attended and your major there , work information , fan pages , networks , current location , friends and similar personally identifiable information about your friends who are registered on Facebook ( Friends ) . U.S. News may use this information to customize the services that we provide to you through the U.S. News services . By visiting a U.S. News Service , information that we receive from Facebook about you and your Friends may appear to you on the U.S. News Service . In addition , if you are listed as a Friend on Facebook of other users of U.S. News Services , your Facebook information may appear to those users on the U.S. News Service if they have chosen to integrate their use of U. S. News Services with Facebook . If you wish to opt out of sharing your Facebook information with U.S. News , you must update your Facebook privacy options on your Facebook privacy settings page at www.facebook.com/privacy/ , or you can deactivate Facebook features on the U.S. News Service at http : //colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/friends . No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News . In general , U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 , we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection . In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent , we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible . If you believe the U.S. News Services has collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13 , please contact us at webmaster @ usnews.com . Users of the U.S. News Services who are California residents and who have provided personally identifiable information to us may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ usnews.com with Request for California Privacy Information in the subject line and in the message . 
Effective Date : May 29 , 2012 This Privacy Policy is applicable to www.billboard.com , www.billboard.biz , www.adweek.com , www.backstage.com , www.hollywoodreporter.com , www.clioawards.com , www.filmjournal.comand any other site that may be operated by or for Prometheus Global Media ( together , the " Websites " ) . It explains how we collect information from users of the Websites and how we use such information . Your use of the Websites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy . Please also read our Terms of Use , which govern the basic operation of the Websites . A. Non-Personally Identifiable Information . When you visit a Website , we may collect certain data that does not tell us specifically who you are . This is Non-Personally Identifiable Information . It includes things like your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address , browser type , and the last domain you visited before coming to our Website or the domain you go to when you leave . It also includes various statistical data such as which pages you visit on our Websites , how long you stay on them , and what you click . We may place a cookie on your computer . A cookie is a small amount of data , which often includes an anonymous unique identifier , sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive . Our preference cookie expires after thirty ( 30 ) days . We may use cookies to keep track of your choice of language and home page preference ; to understand your exposure to certain Internet advertisements as you use the Websites , and to gather usage data that will help us generally improve the quality of the Websites . There is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept cookies . You should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features on the Websites . We also may use a small piece of code ( sometimes referred to as 1x1 clear pixel , Web beacon or clear GIF ) placed in the pages of the Websites to help us gather additional information about which parts of the site receive the most visitors and other user traffic patterns , and enable us to administer the site . No Personally Identifiable Information ( see below ) is collected through our cookies or Web beacons however we may , from time to time , allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website . These companies may use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . The companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information . To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt out of this type of advertising , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . B. Personally Identifiable Information . We also may collect information that can be used to identify you ( Personally Identifiable Information ) . We only collect Personally Identifiable Information when you specifically provide it to us . For example , in connection with your use of certain features of the Websites you may be asked to create a user account and provide certain information including your name , email addresses , address , and telephone number . You may also provide User Uploaded Information to the Websites , as described in the Terms of Use [ make link ] , or you may provide information such as your credit card number in connection with the purchase of services or content available through the Websites . When you create a user account with a Prometheus Global Media website and sign in to your account on the Websites or post User Uploaded Information , you are not anonymous to us . We may use Personally Identifiable Information to fulfill your requests , respond to your inquiries and provide other services , and to alert you to information , offers , or publications in which we think you may be interested . The emails that we send contain links that enable you to unsubscribe from such mailings . We do not sell Personally Identifiable Information or other information you make available to the Websites , or share such information with third parties , except as described below . From time to time , we may partner with unaffiliated companies or individuals for market research , product development or similar purposes . These companies or individuals may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but we will require by contract that they agree to maintain the confidentiality , security and integrity of such information . We also may subcontract with other companies and individuals to do work on our behalf ; they may be provided with access to Personally Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information , but only as needed to perform their functions . We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties , who may contact you to offer products and services . At any time , you can contact Prometheus Global Media at 1-800-658-8372 and terms @ prometheusgm.comto request that we not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties . We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business ( e.g. , a portion that includes our customer lists ) is sold or transferred . We also may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if disclosure is required by law or as part of a lawsuit or government investigation or proceeding , or in order to permit us to exercise or preserve our legal rights or take action regarding potentially illegal activities or to protect the safety of any person . Prometheus Global Media can not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to us . We attempt to follow policies and procedures that will protect against unauthorized access to your Personally Identifiable Information . But we can make no guarantees or promises in this regard , and you provide information to us at your own risk . We may store the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you indefinitely . We may store this information in the United States or we may transfer it to any other country . The data protection laws of the countries where we store your personal data may or may not provide a level of protection equivalent to the laws in your home country . Wherever we hold the data , we will apply the terms of this Privacy Policy . This site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to knowingly collect any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13 . If a parent or guardian believes that this site has collected the Personally Identifiable Information of a child under the age of 13 , please contact terms @ prometheusgm.com . You may contact us at terms @ prometheusgm.comif at any time you would like to see the Personally Identifiable Information we hold about you , or to ask us to correct or update this information , or to ask us to delete it . Please contact us if you have questions or wish to take any action with respect to information to which this Privacy Policy applies ( see below for contact information ) . You may contact Prometheus Global Media regarding our privacy practices at the following address : Prometheus Global Media 770 Broadway Ave 7th Floor New York , NY 10003 terms @ prometheusgm.com 1-800-658-8372 This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 29 , 2012 . We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time . We do not undertake to provide you with personal notice of any changes . In the event of material changes , we will provide notice by means that are reasonable under the circumstances , such as by posting a notice on the Websites . Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes . 
