Amazon.com Privacy Notice Last updated : April 6 , 2012 . To see what has changed , click here . Amazon.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared , and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly . This notice describes our privacy policy . By visiting Amazon.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice . What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.com Gather ? What About Cookies ? Does Amazon.com Share the Information It Receives ? How Secure Is Information About Me ? What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ? Which Information Can I Access ? What Choices Do I Have ? Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.com ? Does Amazon.com Participate in the Safe Harbor Program ? Conditions of Use , Notices , and Revisions Examples of Information Collected The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Amazon experience . Here are the types of information we gather . Information You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way . Click here to see examples of what we collect . You can choose not to provide certain information , but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features . We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customizing future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you . Automatic Information : We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us . For example , like many Web sites , we use " cookies , " and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other Web sites . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or our subsidiaries , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device . We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content . Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services . For more information about how to do this , click here . E-mail Communications : To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.com if your computer supports such capabilities . We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . Information from Other Sources : We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as 1-Click purchasing,Recommended for You , personalized advertisements on other Web sites ( e.g. , Amazon Associates with content served by Amazon.com and Web sites using Checkout by Amazon payment service ) , and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits . The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether . Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer . Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in . Information about our customers is an important part of our business , and we are not in the business of selling it to others . We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com , Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice . Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses . In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com . In other cases , we operate stores , provide services , or sell product lines jointly with these businesses . Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings . You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions , and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party . Third-Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments , and providing customer service . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.com customers on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address . If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries , or business units . In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) . Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. , or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets . Protection of Amazon.com and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of Amazon.com , our users , or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing , or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice . With Your Consent : Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information . We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input . We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order . Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer . Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer . Click here for more information on how to sign off . Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites . For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.com , including personalized or interest-based ads , please read our Interest-Based Ads policy . Amazon.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.com for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information . Click here to see some examples , the list of which will change as our Web site evolves . As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.com features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews , and Amazon Prime . You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the " Which Information Can I Access ? " section . When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . ( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. )  If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalize advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences . The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether . Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer . Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.com 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.com products and services that require you to Sign in . Amazon.com does not sell products for purchase by children . We sell children 's products for purchase by adults . If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian . Amazon.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and ( 1 ) the European Union and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively . We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles agreed upon by the U.S. and ( 1 ) the E.U. and ( 2 ) Switzerland , respectively . For more information about the Safe Harbor and to view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . If you would like to contact Amazon.com directly about the Safe Harbor program , please send an e-mail to safeharbor @ amazon.com . If you choose to visit Amazon.com , your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the state of Washington . If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.com , please contact us with a thorough description , and we will try to resolve it . Our business changes constantly , and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also . We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes . Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account . We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers . Related Practices and Information Conditions of Use Discussion Boards Community Rules Help department Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines Information You Give Us You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire , or communicate with customer service . For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.com or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services such as Amazon Instant Video ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications . As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ; and financial information , including Social Security and driver 's license numbers . Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type , version , and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions , operating system , and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Web site , including date and time ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and the phone number you used to call our 800 number . We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our Web site for fraud prevention and other purposes . During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page . We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes . Mobile Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services . Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu . For information about specific devices , click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer . Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising , or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers . Co-branded and Joint Offerings Examples of businesses with which we offer joint or co-branded products and other offerings include Starbucks , OfficeMax , American Apparel , Verizon Wireless , Sprint , T-Mobile , AT&T , J&R Electronics , PacSun , Eddie Bauer and Northern Tool + Equipment . Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.com include up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalized advertising preferences , address book , and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit card information and promotional certificate and gift card balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; Recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) ; Seller accounts ; and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders , personal profile , and Wish List ) . 
Posted and effective for new users : September 11 , 2013 Effective for current users : October 26 , 2013 Previous version : February 4 , 2013 Effective for new users immediately and for current users on October 26 , 2013 and superseding all previous versions of the Privacy Policy . Your Privacy Rights This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection , use , storage , sharing , and protection of your personal information . It applies to the eBay.com website and all related sites , applications , services and tools where this policy is referenced , regardless of how you access or use them , including mobile devices . You can view a summary of this Privacy Policy at our Privacy Summary Page . More detailed information about our privacy practices is available at our eBay Privacy Center . The eBay website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program . If Customer Support can not answer your privacy-related questions , please use the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process . TRUSTe online privacy certification Contents Scope and Consent Global Privacy Standards Mobile Privacy Children 's Privacy Collection of Personal Information Information Sharing and Registration with Social Media Websites Use of Personal Information Communication Preferences Marketing Our Disclosure of Your Information Information You Share on eBay Using Information You Get from eBay Our use of Cookies , Web Beacons , Local Storage , and Similar Technologies No Spam , Spyware , or Spoofing Accessing , Reviewing , and Changing Your Personal Information How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information Third Parties Contact Us By using eBay.com and its related sites , application , services and tools , and/or registering for an eBay account , you expressly consent to our collection , use , disclosure , and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement . If you reside outside of the United States , you are contracting with one of our international eBay companies : In countries within the European Union , your data controller is eBay Europe S. r.l , 22-24 Boulevard Royal , L-2449 , Luxembourg ; in India , your data controller is eBay India Private Limited , 14th Floor , North Block , R-Tech Park , Western Express Highway , Goregaon ( East ) , Mumbai 400063 , Maharashtra ( India ) ; and in all other countries your data controller is eBay International AG , Helvetiastrasse 15/17 , 3005 , Bern , Switzerland . Throughout this Privacy Policy , we use the term " personal information " to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that person . We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used , whether in combination with other information or otherwise , to identify a specific person . We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site . All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site . Additionally , we will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or via email of any material changes to this Privacy Policy . eBay Inc. has established a set of corporate rules for privacy , known as Binding Corporate Rules ( BCRs ) , which are our global privacy standards for all eBay Inc. companies . These BCRs have been approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators . They are a commitment by eBay Inc. to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is collected , processed or stored . Depending on where you reside , the BCRs may also provide you some additional privacy rights through your local privacy regulator or court . Some eBay-branded websites or websites we operate may be governed by separate privacy policies . The policy that applies on any of our domains or subdomains is always the policy that appears in the footer of each website or is referenced in the application or service . The privacy practices of our corporate family are consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy and our BCRs . More information about our BCRs and our global privacy practices and principles , including information on how to contact us with any questions , is available at our eBay Privacy Center . We may offer you the ability for you to connect with our sites , or use our applications , services , and tools using a mobile device , either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized website . The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices . This Privacy Policy will be referenced by all such mobile applications or mobile optimized websites . The eBay.com website is a general audience website , and it and its related sites , applications , services , and tools are not intended for children under the age of 13 . We do not knowingly collect personal information via our websites , applications , services , or tools from users in this age group . You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself . This information is associated to your account only when you sign in as a registered user . If you register for an account with us , you give us your personal information , and you are not anonymous to us . If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States . We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of and access to our sites , applications , services and tools , and to help us personalize and improve your experience :  Information we collect automatically : When you visit our sites , use our applications , services , and tools , or interact with our advertising or content , we automatically collect information sent to us by your computer , mobile device , or other access device . This information is associated with you personally only when sign in as a registered user , and includes but is not limited to : device ID or unique identifier , device type , geo-location information , computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , referral URL , ad data , IP address , and standard web log information , anonymous information collected through our use cookies and web beacons Information you give us : We collect and store any information you enter on our sites or you provide to us in context of using our sites , applications , services or tools . This may include , but is not limited to : information you provide us when registering for an account , including email address , phone number , mobile telephone number , physical contact information , and ( depending on the service used ) sometimes financial information , such as credit card or bank account numbers ; addition information you may provide to us via social media sites or services transactional information based on your activities on the sites ( such as bidding , buying , selling , item and content you generate or that relates to your account ) ; shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ; information provided in the context of community discussions , chats , dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , or correspondence sent to us additional personal information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies ( for example , we may ask you to send us an ID or bill to verify your address , or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list ) Mobile : When you download or use our Mobile Applications , or access one of our mobile optimized sites , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device . We may use this information to provide you with location based services , such as advertising , search results , and other personalized content . Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device 's setting 's menu . If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacture of your particular device . Information from other sources : We may receive or collect supplemental information about you from third parties sources and add it to our account information . This may include , but is not limited to , demographic , navigation information , additional contact information , credit check information , and additional information about you from credit bureaus or other sources , as permitted by law . We offer sign-on services that allow you to use third party login credentials to access the eBay site or related sites . We also offer services that allow you to share information with third party social media websites such as Facebook , Google Plus , Twitter , and others . You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by such third party websites . The personal information we have access to varies by website and is controlled your by privacy settings on that website and your consent . By associating an account managed by a third party with your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information , you agree that eBay may collect , use and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with access to our sites and/or use of our services , applications and tools , provide you with requested customer service and relevant information about your account and our services , and to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience . You agree that we may use your personal information to : provide you access to our sites and the services and customer support you request ; provide customer support you request for financial products offered by members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me Later , a PayPal service ) prevent , detect , and investigate , fraud , security breaches , potentially prohibited or illegal activities , and enforce our User Agreement ; customize , measure and improve our services , content and advertising ; contact you , either via email or telephone , to resolve disputes , collect fees , and troubleshoot problems with your account or our sites , services , applications or tools , or for other purposes authorized by law . contact you , either via email or telephone to inform you about our services and those of our corporate family , deliver targeted marketing , service updates , and promotional offers based on your communication preferences assist in the credit underwriting process in order to provide you with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of members of our corporate family and their financial institution partners ( such as Bill Me Later , a PayPal service ) who offer financial products ; compare information for accuracy , and verify it with third parties ; contact you at any telephone number using auto-dialed or pre-recorded message calls or text ( SMS ) messages ( if applicable ) as authorized for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy provide you other services requested by you as described when we collect the information You can control how and when you want to receive notifications from eBay about your buying and selling activities from the Communication Preference section within My eBay , This is also the place where you can control your member-to-member communication preferences , and choose which newsletters and promotions you want to receive , and the methods by which we may contact you . We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent . We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising . If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us , you can indicate your communications preference in My eBay , or within the direct communication from us . If do not wish to participate in our ad-customization programs , you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement , or directly at our Ad Choice program . We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements , enforce our policies , respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others , or protect anyone 's rights , property , or safety . Such information will be disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations . As stated above , we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent . We may also share your personal information with : Members of the eBay Inc. corporate family to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions , and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or data security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , sites , applications , services and tools , and communications . Members of our corporate family may use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented to their services and will use your personal information in compliance with their Privacy Policy and our global privacy standards . Service providers under contract who help with our business operations ( such as , but not limited to , fraud investigations , bill collection , affiliate and rewards programs , site operations , and co-branded credit cards ) . Financial institution partners of eBay corporate family members who offer financial products ( such as WebBank and Comenity Capital Bank ) , with whom we partner with to provide Bill Me Later , a PayPal Service ) to provide joint content and services ( like registration , transactions and customer support ) , to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts , violations of our policies , fraud and/or security breaches , and to guide decisions about their products , websites , applications , services and tools , and communications . These third party financial institution partners will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services and will use your personal information in compliance their respective privacy policies and consistent with this privacy policy and our global privacy standards Other eBay users , whether located in your country of residence or outside of your country of residence , as authorized by you or your use of our sites , services , applications or tools . For example , where you are involved in a transaction with another user , the other user may view your email address and request and obtain your contact information and postal address to help complete the transaction ; Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information ( or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service ) . Law enforcement , governmental agencies , or authorized third-parties , in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us , you , or any other eBay user to legal liability . In such events , we will only disclose information relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry , such as name , city , state , ZIP code , telephone number , email address , User ID history , IP address , fraud complaints , bidding and listing history , and anything else we may deem relevant to the investigation . Credit bureaus with which we may report information about your account , including information on late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report . eBay VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement , as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud , intellectual property infringement , piracy , or other unlawful activity . In such events , we will disclose name , street address , city , state , ZIP code , country , phone number , email address and company name . Other business entities , should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity . ( Should such a combination occur , we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information . If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy , you will receive prior notice. ) . Without limiting the above , in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors , we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement , other government officials , or other third parties without a subpoena , court order or substantially similar legal procedure , except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity . Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay ( and so available to the public ) , and is connected to all of your eBay activity . Other people can see your bids , purchases , items for sale , storefronts , Feedback , ratings and associated comments . Notices sent to other community members about suspicious activity and policy violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific items . So if you associate your name with your User ID , the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your eBay activities . If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet caf , certain information about you , such as your User ID , activity , or reminders from eBay , may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you . eBay enables you to share personal and financial information to complete transactions and collect payments . We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users . We can not guarantee the privacy or security of your information and therefore we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information . To help protect your privacy , we allow only limited access to other users ' contact , shipping and financial information to facilitate your transactions and collect payments . When users are involved in a transaction , they may have access to each other 's name , User ID , email address and other contact and shipping information . In all cases , you must give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them . You agree to use user information only for : eBay transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages ; using services offered through eBay ( such as escrow , shipping , and fraud complaints ) , or other purposes that a user expressly chooses . When you visit or interact with our sites , services , applications , messaging ( such as email ) , and tools , we or our authorized service providers may use cookies , web beacons , and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better , faster , and safer experience . For more detailed information on our use of these technologies , see our policy on Cookies , Web Beacons , and Similar Technologies . We and our users do not tolerate spam . Make sure to set your eBay communication preferences so we communicate to you as you prefer . You are not licensed to add other eBay users , even a user who has purchased an item from you , to your mailing list ( email or physical mail ) without their express consent . To report eBay-related spam or spoof emails to eBay , please forward the email to spam @ ebay.com or spoof @ ebay.com . You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our User Agreement . We automatically scan and may manually filter messages to check for spam , viruses , phishing attacks and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content , but we do not permanently store messages sent through these tools . If you send an email to an email address that is not registered in our community ( via Refer-a-Friend or other tools ) , we do not permanently store that email or use that email address for any marketing purpose . We do not rent or sell these email addresses . Your password is the key to your account . Use unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your eBay password to anyone . If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account . If you lose control of your password , you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf . Therefore , if your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately notify eBay and change your password . You can see , review and change most of your personal information by signing on to eBay . Generally , we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely . You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate . Once you make a public posting , you may not be able to change or remove it . Upon your request , we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible , based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law . We do retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigations , enforce our eBay User Agreement , and take other actions otherwise permitted by law . We store and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located . We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss , misuse , unauthorized access , disclosure and alteration . Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption , physical access controls to our data centers , and information access authorization controls . We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date , and we provide you with the opportunity to update your information through your account profile settings . We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations . In addition , we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with the law , prevent fraud , collect any fees owed , resolve disputes , troubleshoot problems , assist with any investigation , enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law . Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy , this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you . If you disclose your information to others , whether they are bidders , buyers or sellers on our sites or other sites throughout the internet , different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you provide to them . eBay does not control the privacy policies of third parties , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable . We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others . If your questions are not answered online , you may write to us at : eBay Inc . Attn : Legal - Global Privacy Practices , 2145 Hamilton Avenue , San Jose , California 95125 , or using the Contact Us form . More information about the Global Privacy Office or how to contact us is available at our eBay Privacy Center . 
Amazon.co.uk Privacy Notice Last Updated : 25 September 2012 . To view changes to the Privacy Notice please click here Amazon.co.uk knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly . This notice describes the privacy policy of Amazon.co.uk . By visiting Amazon.co.uk , you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice . Controllers of Personal Information What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon.co.uk Gather ? What About Cookies ? Does Amazon.co.uk Share the Information it Receives ? How Secure Is Information About Me ? What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites ? What Information Can I Access ? What Choices Do I Have ? Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon.co.uk ? Notices and Revisions Examples of Information Collected Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon.co.uk is controlled by Amazon EU SARL , Amazon Services Europe SARL and Amazon Media EU SARL ( the data controllers ) , all three at 5 Rue Plaetis L-2338 , Luxembourg . Amazon.co.uk Ltd of Patriot Court , 1-9 The Grove , Slough , Berkshire , England SL1 1QP UK acts as data processor on behalf of the data controllers . Amazon.com , Inc. and its controlled US subsidiaries are participants in the Safe Harbour programme developed by the US Department of Commerce and the European Union . These Amazon Group companies have certified that they adhere to the Safe Harbour Privacy Principles agreed upon by the US and the EU . For more information about the Safe Harbour and to view these Amazon Group companies ' certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbour website . If you would like to contact Amazon directly about the Safe Harbour programme , please send an e-mail to safeharbor @ amazon.com . Back to top The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at Amazon.co.uk . We use the information to handle orders , deliver products and services , process payments , communicate with you about orders , products , services and promotional offers , update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us , display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you . We also use this information to improve our store and platform , prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical , logistical or other functions on our behalf . Here are the types of information we gather . Information You Give Us : we receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way . Click here to see examples of what we collect . You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features . We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests , customising future shopping for you , improving our stores , and communicating with you . Automatic Information : we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us . For example , like many websites , we use " cookies " and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Amazon.co.uk or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.co.uk on other Web sites . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Mobile : When you download or use apps created by Amazon or its subsidiaries and , where applicable , have requested or consented to location services , we may receive information about your location and your mobile device , including a unique identifier for your device . We may use this information to provide you with location-based services , such as search results , and other personalised content . Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services . For more information about how to do this , click here . E-mail Communications : to help us make e-mails more useful and interesting , we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Amazon.co.uk if your computer supports such capabilities . We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences Information from Other Sources : we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information . Click here to see examples of the information we receive . Back to top To enable our systems to recognise your device and to provide features to you , we use cookies . For more information about cookies and how we use them , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy . Back to top Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others . Amazon.co.uk shares customer information only as described below and with Amazon.com , Inc. and the subsidiaries which Amazon.com , Inc. , controls and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice . Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control : We work closely with affiliated businesses . In some cases , such as Marketplace sellers , these businesses operate stores at Amazon.co.uk or sell offerings to you at Amazon.co.uk . In other cases , we operate stores , provide services or sell product lines jointly with or on behalf of these businesses . Click here for some examples of co-branded and joint offerings . You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party . Third Party Service Providers : We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analysing data , providing marketing assistance , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , processing credit card payments and providing customer service . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Further , they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws . Promotional Offers : Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Amazon.co.uk customers on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address . If you do not want to receive such offers , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores , subsidiaries or business units . In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice ( unless , of course , the customer consents otherwise ) . Also , in the unlikely event that Amazon.com , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets . Protection of Amazon.co.uk and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law ; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property or safety of Amazon.co.uk , our users or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . Obviously , however , this does not include selling , renting , sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice . With your consent : other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information . Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area in the course of sharing information as set out above , we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection . Back to top We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts information you input . We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order . Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing . We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection , storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information . Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you . It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer . Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer . Click here for more information on how to sign off . Back to top Our site may include third-party advertising and links to other Web sites . For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon.co.uk , including personalised or interest-based ads , please read our Cookies & Internet Advertising policy . Back to top Amazon.co.uk gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Amazon.co.uk for the limited purpose of viewing and , in certain cases , updating that information . Click here to see some examples . This list will change as our website evolves . Back to top As discussed above , you can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such Amazon.co.uk features as Your Profile , Wish Lists , Customer Reviews and Amazon Prime . You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access ? section . When you update information , we usually keep a copy of the previous version for our records . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . ( If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and Sale and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Amazon.co.uk and orders placed with Amazon.co.uk , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes. )  If you do not want us to use personal information that we gather to allow third parties to personalise advertisements we display to you , please adjust your Advertising Preferences . The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether . Additionally , you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons , such as Flash cookies , by changing the add-on 's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer . However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Amazon.co.uk 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket , proceed to Checkout , or use any Amazon.co.uk products and services that require you to Sign in . Back to top Amazon.co.uk does not sell products for purchase by children . We sell children 's products for purchase by adults . If you are under 18 , you may use Amazon.co.uk only with the involvement of a parent or guardian . Back to top If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon.co.uk , please e-mail us with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you . Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use and Sale will change also . We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions , unless you have instructed us not to , but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes . Unless stated otherwise , our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account . We stand behind the promises we make , however , and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers . Conditions of Use and Sale Discussion Boards Help Desk Most Recent Purchases Your Profile and Community Guidelines Back to top Information You Give Us You provide most such information when you search , buy , post , participate in a contest or questionnaire or communicate with customer service . For example , you provide information when you : search for a product ; place an order through Amazon.co.uk or one of our third-party sellers ; provide information in Your Account ( and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us ) or your Your Profile ; communicate with us by phone , e-mail or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; use our services ; compile Wish Lists or other gift registries ; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features ; provide and rate Reviews ; specify a Special Occasion Reminder ; and employ Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications . As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as : your name ; address and phone number ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been dispatched ( including addresses and phone numbers ) ; people ( with addresses and phone numbers ) listed in 1-Click settings ; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people ; content of reviews and e-mails to us ; personal description and photograph in your Your Profile ; and financial information . Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyse include : the Internet protocol ( IP ) address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; login ; e-mail address ; password ; computer and connection information such as browser type and version ; and time zone setting , browser plug-in types and versions ; operating system and platform ; purchase history , which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers ; the full Uniform Resource Locators ( URL ) clickstream to , through and from our website ( including date and time ) ; cookie number ; products you viewed or searched for ; and any phone number used to call our customer service number . We may also use browser data such as cookies , Flash cookies ( also known as Flash Local Shared Objects ) , or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes . During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information , including page response times , download errors , length of visits to certain pages , page interaction information ( such as scrolling , clicks , and mouse-overs ) , and methods used to browse away from the page.We may also collect technical information to help us identify your device for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes . Mobile Most mobile devices provide users with the ability to disable location services . Most likely , these controls are located in the device 's settings menu . For information about specific devices , click here . If you have questions about how to disable your device 's location services , we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer . Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include : updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily ; account information , purchase or redemption information and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical , fulfillment , advertising or other services ; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features offered by our subsidiary , Alexa Internet ; search results and links , including paid listings ( such as Sponsored Links ) ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers . Co-Branded and Joint Offerings We may from time to time offer joint or co-branded products and services . Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access easily at Amazon.co.uk include : up-to-date information regarding recent orders ; personally identifiable information ( including name , e-mail , password , communications and personalised advertising preferences , address book and 1-Click settings ) ; payment settings ( including credit-card information and gift certificate , gift card and cheque balances ) ; e-mail notification settings ( including Product Availability Alerts , Delivers , Special Occasion Reminders , and newsletters ) ; recommendations ( including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations ) ; shopping lists and gift registries ( including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries ) Seller accounts and Your Profile ( including your product Reviews , Recommendations , Listmania lists , Reminders and personal profile ) . 
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and transfer of your information by the Netflix family of companies ( " Netflix " ) ( help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) . To learn which company is responsible for processing your personal information and for instructions on how to contact us , please see the International Users/Contacting Us section below . By using , visiting or browsing the Netflix service , you accept and agree to our information practices described below . Please note that this Privacy Policy includes embedded hyperlinks that may only be accessed through our website , so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix ready devices ( for example game consoles or Internet enabled televisions ) , you may need to visit the website to review these hyperlinked terms . Collection and Use of Information Disclosure of Personal Information Social Sharing Other Websites , Platforms and Applications Children Right to Access Your Information Cookies and Internet Advertising Security Changes to This Policy Transfer of Information International Users/Contacting Us We receive and store information , including personal information , about you and your use of our service . This information is gathered in a number of ways , including when you enter it on our website and from interactions with our service . In this Privacy Policy , we use the term personal information to mean information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you . Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with you . We may collect , use , transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose . You can choose not to provide personal information we may request of you , but , in general , most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our service and the lack of such personal information will prevent us from doing so . When you interact with us , we may ask you to supply us with personal information so that we can provide , enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts . For similar reasons , we may supplement the personal information you provide with publicly available information about you as well as information from other sources , as permitted by law . We use this personal information for various reasons , including to process your registration , your orders and your payments , and to communicate on these and other topics . For example , we may use your e-mail address or other methods to send newsletters , messages about new Netflix features , Netflix special offers , promotional announcements , consumer surveys and other correspondence and marketing concerning our service . If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email , simply access the " Email preferences " ( https : //www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences ) link on the " Your Account " page of our website ( https : //www.netflix.com/YourAccount ) and uncheck those items to unsubscribe , or click the unsubscribe link in the email . For information about opting out of certain postal communications , please visit https : //help.netflix.com/article/en/node/8748# gsc.tab=0 . Please note that you can not unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us , including messages relating to your account transactions . We keep track of your interactions with us and collect information related to you and your use of our service , including but not limited to : your online activity , title selections , reviews , ratings , payment history , correspondence , Internet protocol addresses , device and software data ( such as type , configuration and unique identifiers ) , instant watching of movies , TV shows and related activity . We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location , providing localized content , enforcing our terms ( such as determining your eligibility for a free trial ) , providing recommendations on movies & TV shows we think will be enjoyable , personalizing the service and our marketing to better reflect particular interests , tracking your instant-watching hours , determining your Internet service provider , helping us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise analyzing , enhancing , administering or promoting our service offering for you and other users . We may supplement this information with information from other sources , including offline data and your browsing behavior on other sites and interactions with our advertising . We also provide analysis of our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners , advertisers and other third parties . We may also disclose and otherwise use , on an anonymous basis , movie & TV show ratings , consumption habits , commentary , reviews and other information . For example , we use movie & TV show ratings and consumption behavior to improve our recommendations to you as well as other users . While using the Netflix service , you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information in public forums . Please understand that when you post such information , it is made public and is not subject to this policy . We are not responsible for any third party 's use of information you publicly disclose through our service . From time to time , we may partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our members . In conjunction with these partners , we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements on their behalf , as permitted by law . You can go to the " Email preferences " ( https : //www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences ) link on the " Your Account " page and request that your name be excluded from marketing emails . You may connect one or more social networks ( such as Facebook ) with your Netflix account . If you choose to do so , we will collect and use information from your social networking account ( s ) and your use of our social features . For more details about our social features , information we collect and use , as well as account connection , including how to disconnect , see our Social Terms ( https : //www.netflix.com/socialterms ) . Back to top We may share your personal information among the Netflix family of companies ( https : //help.netflix.com/article/en/node/6592 ) . The Netflix companies that access your personal information will follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy . In addition we use other companies , agents or contractors ( Service Providers ) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you . For example , we engage Services Providers to provide marketing , communications , infrastructure and IT services , personalize and optimize our service , process credit card transactions , provide customer service , collect debts , analyze and enhance data , including users ' interaction with our service , and process consumer surveys . In the course of providing such services , these other companies may have access to your personal information . We do not authorize these companies to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with providing the services we request of them . We may offer joint promotions or programs that , in order for participation , will require personal information be shared with third parties . For example , we may partner with companies that offer incentives , such as frequent flyer mileage awards , if you sign up or otherwise utilize our service . In fulfilling these types of promotions , we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive . By participating in such joint promotions or programs , you agree to our sharing of your information . Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party businesses . Netflix also reserves the right to disclose personal information if we reasonably believe that access , use , preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to ( a ) satisfy any applicable law , regulation , legal process , or governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable terms of use , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent , or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Netflix , its users or the public as required or permitted by law . In connection with any reorganization , restructuring , merger or sale , or other transferring of assets we reserve the right to transfer information , including personal information , provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy . Back to top You may elect to share information about your use of the Netflix service , including what you watch , within Netflix as well as on other social networks and in other communications . Your use of our social features is subject to our Social Terms ( https : //www.netflix.com/socialterms ) ; please review them for details . Back to top The Netflix service may be provided through platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours . For example , you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as PlayStation systems , Microsoft Xbox , Nintendo Wii , Roku Streaming Player , iPad or iPhone and a number of other Internet connected devices . While we endeavor to associate with reputable companies , Netflix can not be responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms . These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements , notices and terms of use , which we recommend you read carefully . In addition , you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service . To learn more about these , see our Terms of Use ( www.netflix.com/termsofuse ) . Back to top You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service . In certain jurisdictions , the age of majority may be older than 18 , in which case , you must satisfy that age in order to become a member . While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service , they may do so only with the involvement , supervision , and approval of a parent or legal guardian , and subject to our Terms of Use ( www.netflix.com/termsofuse ) . Back to top We give you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your account , including your contact information and your communication preferences in the " Your Account " portion of our website . You must be signed in to access " Your Account. "  If you have a question regarding our privacy practices , or want to exercise your rights regarding your personal information , please contact us at privacy @ netflix.com . Back to top Visit About Cookies and Internet Advertising ( https : //www.netflix.com/cookies ) for information about our use of cookies , other technologies , and Internet advertising . Back to top Netflix takes information security seriously and uses reasonable administrative , technical , physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access . For example , we utilize Secure Sockets Layering , an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us , in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process . Unfortunately , no security system can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . Accordingly , we can not guarantee the security of your information and can not assume liability for improper access to it . By using our service , including our website and user interfaces , or providing information to us through any means , you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service . In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the Netflix service , Netflix implements technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the Netflix service . You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box " Remember me on this computer " when you login on the website . To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices : ( a ) visit " Your Account " ( https : //www.netflix.com/YourAccount ) ( note , deactivation may not occur immediately ) or ( b ) delete your Netflix settings from your device ( steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices ) . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your Netflix account . Where possible , users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit . If you sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device , you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so . If you do not maintain the security of your password or device , or fail to log out or deactivate your device , subsequent users may be able to access your account , including your personal information . Back to top Netflix may , from time to time , make changes to this Privacy Policy , the Social Terms or About Cookies and Internet Advertising . Such revisions shall be effective immediately ; provided however , for existing members , such revisions shall , unless otherwise stated , be effective 30 days after posting . We will endeavor to post prior versions ( including marked changes ) of the Privacy Policy , if any , for the preceding 12-month period . You can see these prior versions of the Privacy Policy by visiting our website ( www.netflix.com/privacypolicychanges ) . Back to top Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis . Therefore , by using Netflix , you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country ( including the United States ) where we have facilities or engage third parties ( including but not limited to payment processors , cloud service or other IT providers , and other companies that provide services to us ) . You understand that the countries to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of data protection as in your country . Back to top If you reside in a member state of the European Economic Area , your personal data is controlled by Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l , who is providing the service to you ( address below ) . Individuals who reside in Brazil are being provided the service by Netflix Entretenimento Brasil , Ltda . Av . Bernardino de Campos , 98 - 4 andar - sala 36 , Paraiso , Cep 04004-040 SP Brasil . Otherwise , Netflix , Inc. ( address below ) is providing the service to you and is the data controller ( where applicable ) . If you have questions concerning your account , please contact Customer Service . If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy , including the treatment of your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies , please contact us via email at privacy @ netflix.com , or at the following :  For US , Canadian , Latin American and other non-European customers :  Netflix , Inc. , 100 Winchester Circle , Los Gatos , CA 95032 , U.S.A. Attention : General Counsel . For European customers :  Netflix Luxembourg S. r.l. , 26 , Boulevard Royal , # 205 L2449 Luxembourg , Attn : Manager . Back to top Last updated : September 11 , 2013 
Walmart Privacy Policy Share on twitterShare on linkedinShare on pinterestShare on googleplusShare on emailShare on facebook Walmart Privacy Policy - Highlights This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( " stores " ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , " websites " includes our mobile applications ) . Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores . This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center . Information We Collect : We collect your information from the following sources :  Information you give us , such as during transactions , customer service operations , surveys , and website registrations , Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit or use our websites , such as via cookies and device information , and in stores , such as via video cameras . Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information . Walmart uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions . These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . We may combine all the information we collect . We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies . We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances : with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products . with your consent . when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , customers , or associates , or when otherwise required by law . Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information > Your Choices : We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following standards for marketing communications : We will not contact you via phone or text message without your express consent ( opt-in ) . We will not disclose your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent ( opt-in ) . We use an opt-out standard for all other communications . This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to . We participate in interest-based advertising . This means that you may see advertising on our website tailored to how you browse or shop , or you may see advertising for Walmart on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites . Learn more about such advertising , including how to opt out . You can provide us your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center . The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences for marketing materials at any time . You can also contact us via the Contact Us section below . Mobile Application Privacy : In addition to the information above , the following applies to our mobile applications : Our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) , and information about the way you use the applications . The mobile applications also collect certain information you voluntarily provide , such as product information when you scan a bar code , and transactional information , such as when you make a purchase or respond to an offer . Our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device , such as when you search for a store . You must first provide permission through your device before the application obtains such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) . The Mobile Application section below addresses your choices with respect to our applications ' collection and use of your precise location information . Service providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications . This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are . Contact us through our web form -- for privacy or Walmart Privacy Policy feedback/questions , for store experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions . We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust . Read our entire privacy policy . We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us . See Walmart 's Notices and Privacy & Online Safety Tips for general tips and resources . Privacy Policy - Full Policy Walmart recognizes the importance of our customers ' privacy . We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance it is one of trust . We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual . This Policy describes :  How and why we collect your personal information . How your information is used and protected . When and with whom we share your information . The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information . Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices . This Policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Walmart retail stores ( " stores " ) and through our websites ( for purposes of this Policy , " websites " includes our mobile applications ) . Walmart has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations ( Pharmacy and Vision Center ) in our retail stores . This notice is available at each Pharmacy and Vision Center . Walmart expects our associates and business partners to manage your personal information properly and maintain your trust . We have designated associates who are accountable for compliance with this Privacy Policy . We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience . We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection . Information You Give Us We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Walmart , both in stores and through our websites . Some examples are when you :  Create an account on one of our websites ; Make an online or in-store purchase from us ; Use a gift registry or create a mobile shopping list ; Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as hunting and fishing licenses ) ; Request customer service or contact us ; Submit a Walmart related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ; Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication . Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you . The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information . When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients . For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements . Information from Other Sources We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well . Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud . In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products . Automated Information Collection We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising . Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns . Some examples include :  We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your device operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our websites . We use " cookies " to recognize you as you use or return to our sites . This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you . A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser and store on your hard drive . We may also use web beacons . Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective . We operate cameras in stores for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns . Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally . Walmart uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions . These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . Some examples include :  To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ; To register and service your account ; To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ; To provide customer service and alert you to product information , including recalls ; To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ; To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business . To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect with offline information , including information from third parties . We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes . How We Disclose Your Information Outside Walmart Walmart does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties . We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances . Service Providers We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations . Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites . Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Walmart maintain facilities . We require our service providers to keep your information secure . In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf . Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others We may disclose your information in other special circumstances . These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Walmart , our customers , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law . Examples include protecting the health or safety of customers , or addressing crimes committed on Walmart property . Data from in-store security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request . Walmart may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law . Marketing Purposes From time to time with your consent , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest . You may opt in to this sharing under the " Your Choices " section below . Business Transfers We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Walmart or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control . Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure Walmart collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy . The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed . For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law . In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing . Marketing Preferences We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following standards for marketing communications :  We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages . We also use an opt-in standard for sharing personal information with third parties for marketing purposes . Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent . We use an opt-out standard for email or for other communications like mail . Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will stop the activity on your request . You can provide us with your marketing preferences by visiting the Privacy Preference Center . The Preference Center allows you to update or change your preferences about receiving marketing materials at any time . Or you may contact the Privacy Office as described in the Contact Us section below . If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information . For instance , if you would like to opt-out of mail , include your mailing address . Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed . It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests . Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes . Some examples are contacts for customer service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls . We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds . Credit Offerings The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) . However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies , including our prescreened offers , by calling 1-888-567-8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com . Online Operations and Advertising You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising . For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us . Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features . To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your device , follow these links :  Microsoft Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox All About Cookies Adobe Flash Cookies Safari You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising . Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior . The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests . We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests . As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website . Advertisements may relate to Walmart or our advertising partners . We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them . We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes . In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites . You may see ads for Walmart on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites . We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites . Learn more about interest-based advertising , including how to opt out . You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above . Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well . If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior . Walmart takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete . You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways :  If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account . Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated . Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this Policy . Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures . Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect . We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request . If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below . If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  Securing your information is a company priority . Whether you are shopping on our websites or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information . Online Protections Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account . Please keep this password confidential . We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet . You can see a representation of this when you enter a secure portion of our online website ( not including our mobile applications ) , which is any page containing any of your account information , where an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window . If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear . This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Walmart web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server . Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections Personal information that is maintained in our offices or stores is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well . Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage . When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable . Pharmacy and Vision Center When you use our Pharmacies or Vision Centers , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request . We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies . Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it . The notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Vision Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Walmart . Financial Products and Services When you obtain financial products and services from us , we may collect and use certain financial-related information . We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies . Financial products and services include money orders , money transfers , credit card offerings , bill payment , and check cashing . Find out more about Financial Services Privacy . We protect payment card information we collect during transactions . We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing customer information . These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies . We are committed to protecting children 's online privacy . Our websites are for a general audience and are not geared towards children . In order to protect the privacy of children , Walmart websites and mobile applications do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section of this Policy if you believe we may have collected information from your child and we will work to delete it . Walmart 's mobile applications may include functionality to allow you to create a shopping list , search or add products to a favorites list using voice input or text , or by scanning bar codes , check price or product availability and print coupons , browse , search and buy Walmart.com products , locate the nearest Walmart store , track orders , find aisle locations for items on your shopping lists , order prescription refills , and view , share and print your online photos . In addition to the information mentioned above , our mobile applications collect certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use , the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers ( sometimes called UDID ) placed by us or our service providers , the unique identifier assigned by Walmart to your device , the IP address of your mobile device , your mobile operating system , the type of mobile Internet browsers you use , and information about the way you use our mobile applications . Additionally , our mobile applications collect precise information about the location of your device . You must first provide permission through your device before our mobile applications obtain such location information from technologies like GPS , Wi-Fi , or cell tower proximity ( or a combination of these technologies ) . Walmart , and our service providers , may use and store this information , in combination with other location-based information such as IP address and billing or postal code provided by you at time of your mobile application registration , to provide enhanced location based services , such as store specific services , search results , and other content . To opt-out of the collection of location data , see below . We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with the operation of our mobile applications . These providers may collect device-specific information , such as a unique device identifier , when you use our website or one of our mobile applications . This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are . The device identifier is used to improve services within our mobile applications such as barcode scanners or speech recognition . We require our service providers to keep your information secure . In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf . We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how our mobile applications are being used , such as the frequency and duration of usage . To protect the anonymity of this information , we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties ca n't identify you personally based on information they collect from our mobile applications or your use of them . These analytics providers may also have access to your device-specific information such as a unique device identifier . This information will not be associated in any way with your account at Walmart or any personal information that identifies who you are , and we require these service providers to keep your information secure . There are multiple options for users of our mobile applications to opt-out of the collection and of your precise location information :  Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling our mobile applications You can stop all collection of information by our mobile applications easily by uninstalling the mobile applications . You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network . Note : If you uninstall the mobile application from your device , the Walmart unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored . If you re-install the application on the same device , Walmart will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions . You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device . As a global company , Walmart has separate privacy policies for its international offices . Personal information about our customers may be processed and stored in the United States or any other country in which Walmart or our service providers maintain facilities . Globally , Walmart requires our family of companies to protect your personal information , regardless of where it is stored , in accordance with local laws and our policies . Please check our privacy Policy periodically for changes . We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy Policy . Email Customer Service- for store experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions . Contacting the Privacy Office Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this Policy or about how your information is handled . You can also contact us via the addresses below :  Mail : Walmart Corporate Privacy Office , MS # 0160 702 SW 8th Street Bentonville , AR 72716-0160 Your California Privacy Rights Our privacy Policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes . The Policy and rights apply to all customers , including California residents :  We share information with others outside of Walmart only if we have your express consent ( opt-in ) . See How We Share Your Information Outside Walmart . We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Sam 's Club . See How We Use Your Information . Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above . Last Updated : Sept. 17 , 2013 
PRIVACY POLICY We take your privacy seriously , and we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect your information . This Privacy Policy tells you :  What information we collect How we use that information How we may share that information How we protect your information Your choices regarding your personal information This Policy applies to BestBuy.com , Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name . This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop ( FutureShop.ca ) , Best Buy Canada ( BestBuyCanada.ca ) , Magnolia Audio Video ( Magnoliaav.com ) , Geek Squad ( GeekSquad.com ) , Pacific Sales ( PacificSales.com ) , Audio Visions ( Avisions.com ) , Best Buy China ( BestBuy.com.cn ) , Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co . ( Five-Star.cn ) among others , each of which may have their own privacy policies . We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices . Information You Give Us We receive and may store any information you enter on our websites or give to us in our stores . For example , we collect information from you when you place an order , create an account , call us with a question , create a Wish List , write a review , or use any of our services . The information we collect from you includes things like :  Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Your phone number Your credit card number and other payment information Your driver 's license number Credit application information , such as your Social Security number Demographic and lifestyle information , such as age , personal interests and product preferences It may also include information you give us about other people , such as the name and address of a gift recipient , or the name and contact info of a Friends & Family Pickup person . Information from Other Sources We may also receive information about you from other sources , including third parties that help us update , expand and analyze our records and identify new customers . Automated Information Collection We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior , personalized shopping experience , whether you are online or in our stores . This information includes your IP address , browsing behavior while on our site , browser and device characteristics , and referring URLs . This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies , including various types of cookies , web beacons , and tags . Our websites and mobile applications are not designed to respond to " do not track " requests from browsers . These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites , and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores . To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you , we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above . We also may share personal information with those providers . We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers . Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below . Location Information Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you 're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores . To allow any application to identify your location , you must enable this functionality through your mobile device 's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi , GPS signals , cell tower position , or other technologies . Best Buy has no control over your device 's settings . Public Forums Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums . You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read , collected , and used by others who access them . We use the information we collect for things like : Fulfilling orders and requests for products , services or information Processing returns , exchanges and layaway requests Tracking and confirming online orders Delivering or installing products Managing our My Best Buy program Marketing and advertising products and services Conducting research and analysis Establishing and managing your accounts with us Communicating things like special events , sweepstakes , promotions and surveys Processing Best Buy credit card or My Best Buy MasterCard applications Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you ( both on our websites and on other websites ) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others , such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend Operating , evaluating and improving our business Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services , comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Best Buy does not sell , rent or trade your personal information to third parties . Best Buy Co. , Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ( " Best Buy " ) , and as such , if you provide information to any of the businesses , stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy , this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co. , Inc. entities , including affiliates and subsidiaries . We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as :  Fulfilling orders Delivering packages Scheduling and performing installations Servicing products Maintaining our My Best Buy program Sending Best Buy marketing communications Fulfilling subscription services Conducting research and analysis Applying for credit cards and processing credit card payments Providing chat functions Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation , court order or subpoena . We may also share information when we believe it 's necessary to comply with the law . We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights , property or safety of Best Buy , our customers , or others ; to prevent harm or loss ; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity . We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale , merger , acquisition , dissolution or similar event . We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards . We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings . For example , when you apply for a Best Buy credit card , we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card . Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it . Best Buy can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk . We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us . The Best Buy websites use encryption technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) , to protect your personal information during data transport . SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information , including your name , address and credit card number . Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet . You may choose to : Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails , direct mail , phone and mobile marketing communications Update and correct your personal information Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services Request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum To do any of these , let us know by one of these methods : Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us Call 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 ) with your request and current contact information Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to : PrivacyManager @ bestbuy.com Send a letter with your request and current contact information to : Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn : Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield , MN 55423-3645 We use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our websites or other sites on the Internet . These companies may collect personal and other information about your visits to this and other websites . We may also share personal information with these companies . In either case , the purpose is to provide ads about products and services that may be of interest to you . To learn more about interest-based advertising ( also called behavioral advertising ) , visit www.aboutads.info . To opt-out of interest-based advertising , use Evidon 's Global Opt-Out tool at www.evidon.com ..  There is also a Profile Manager tool which allows you to manage your interest-based preferences used by ad networks , data aggregators and others . We are committed to protecting children 's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 . Our websites link to other websites , many of which have their own privacy policies . Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you 're visiting . Our Web site includes Social Media Features , such as the Facebook Like button [ and Widgets , such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site ] . These Features may collect your IP address , which page you are visiting on our site , and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly . Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site . Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it . We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve . If we make material changes , including any change in ownership or uses of your personal information , we will notify you by email ( sent to the e-mail address specified in your account ) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective , as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes . Best Buy Co. , Inc. complies with the U.S.- E.U . Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries . Best Buy Co. , Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Best Buy Co. , Inc. 's certification , please visit : http : //export.gov/safeharbor . If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us ( as provided below ) . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint , you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here , fax to 415-520-3420 , or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept. , click for mailing address . If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint , you must include the following information : the name of company , the alleged privacy violation , your contact information , and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company . For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe 's dispute resolution process , click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above . Best Buy Co. , Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information . The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software . The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website , www.BestBuy.com and does not cover information that may be collected behind the log in on our website . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at PrivacyManager @ bestbuy.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices , we 'll do our best to answer them . Here 's how to contact us :  Phone : 1-888-BEST BUY ( 1-888-237-8289 )  E-mail : PrivacyManager @ bestbuy.com Address : Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn : Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield , MN 55423-3645 Last Updated 1/01/2014 
Target Privacy Policy Spanish Translation ( Traduccin en espaol ) At Target , we want you to know how we collect , use , share and protect information about you . By interacting with Target , you consent to use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy . We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically . To help you track the changes , we include a history of changes below . We collect the following information : Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Read more ...  We use guest information for multiple purposes : Product and Service Fulfillment Our Marketing Purposes Internal Operations Fraud Prevention Legal Compliance Read more ...  We may share information : With Target With our service providers ( for example , a printer or mobile marketing provider ) If required to comply with legal requirements At your direction or request With other companies ( for their marketing purposes ) Read more ...  We provide you with choices about receiving marketing from Target , sharing of personal information with other companies for their marketing purposes , and receiving cookies . Read more ...  You can access and update some of your personal information by contacting us . If you have a Target.com account , you can log in to your account to review and update information in your account . Read more ...  We maintain administrative , technical , and physical safeguards to protect your personal information . Read more ...  Types of personal information we collect include : Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Your phone ( or mobile ) number Your drivers ' license number Your credit/debit card number Your purchase/return/exchange information Your registry event information Your date of birth or age If you choose not to provide personal information we may not be able to provide you with requested products , services or information . Automated Information Collection We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target guest . If we are able to identify you as a Target guest we may , for example , link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store . This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us online , in store , mobile , etc . Automated Information Collection We and our service providers use cookies , web beacons , and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device . This information , which includes the pages you visit on our site , which web address you came from , the type of browser/device/hardware you are using , purchase information and checkout process , search terms and IP-based geographic location , helps us recognize you , customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant . This includes Target content presented on another website or mobile application , for example , Target Weekly Ad . These technologies also enable us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits and Short Message Service ( SMS ) /text messages you have chosen to receive . We also use Flash cookies for fraud prevention purposes . In order to provide the best guest experience possible , we also use these technologies for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts . Third-Party Automated Collection Target participates in online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) , also known as interest-based advertising . We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online . Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ) self-regulatory principles for OBA . We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website and to use that information to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites . These companies use non-personally identifiable information ( e.g. , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , hardware/software information , cookie and session ID ) and personally identifiable information ( e.g. IP address ) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you . These parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information . At this time , we do not respond to browser do not track signals , but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising . To learn more about OBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website . User Experience Information In order to improve guest online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our guest relations representatives in resolving issues guests may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information ; including login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited and ads clicked specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information . Social Media Widgets Target.com includes social media features , such as the Facebook Like button , Google Plus , Pinterest , and Twitter widgets . These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you 're visiting on our site , and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly . Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site . Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them . Information from Other Sources We collect data that 's publicly available . For example , information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and others , and could be used to personalize your experience . You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances . We also obtain information provided by a third party . For instance , we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests ( for example , adding address information ) . This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you . In-Store Cameras We use in-store cameras for security purposes and for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels . Examples of how we use the information we collect include : Product and Service Fulfillment Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information about our products and services in our stores , website , or mobile website , or to otherwise serve you Connect with Target regarding guest service via our contact center , guest service desk , or on social media platforms Provide services such as Gift Registry or a shopping list Administer sweepstakes and contests Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law ( for example , pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases ) Our Marketing Purposes Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , in-store receipt messages , e-mails , mobile messages , and social media notifications Provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications , such as product reviews or Weekly AdSend marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions Administer promotions , surveys , and focus groups Internal Operations Improve the effectiveness of our website , stores , mobile experience , and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy Fraud Prevention To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our guests and our business ( e.g. product recalls ) Legal Compliance For example , assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries Target We share the information we collect within Target Corporation , which includes all Target subsidiaries and affiliates . Target Corporation may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you . Target Corporation owns and operates Target Stores and Target web sites , and issues the Target Debit Card . Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include , but are not limited to : Target Bank , Target Canada , Target Commercial Interiors , TCC Cooking Co. ( Cooking.com and Chef 's Catalog ) . Card Issuing Bank We may share the information we collect with our banking partner , TD Bank USA N.A. , which issues the Target Visa Card and Target Credit Card . Service Providers We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , analytics providers , web hosting providers , call center service providers , sweepstakes vendors , payment processors , coupon delivery vendors , data enhancement , or fraud prevention providers ) or that help us market our products and services . These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions . These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose . Legal Requirements We may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our guests or others . Elsewhere at Your Direction At your direction or request , we may share your information . For example , if you create a gift registry or shopping list and elect to make it available to the public , your information will be accessible on our website , mobile or social applications , and on kiosks in our stores . Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )  We may share your personal information with other companies , or organizations which are not part of Target . These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide special offers and opportunities to you . To opt out of our sharing of your personal information with such companies and organizations go to the Choice section of this privacy policy . Sharing Aggregate Information with Third Parties We may share aggregate information ( information that does not directly identify an individual ) with third parties for lawful purposes . Business Transfers If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests . We also may retain a copy of that guest information . Postal Mail If you do not wish to receive catalogs , coupons , and other promotional mail , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . This opt out does not apply to operational phone calls , for example , confirmation of delivery address and prescription refills . E-mail If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . You may still receive select e-mails from us if you have requested them through one of our services such as Weekly Ad Reminders , Gift Reminders , or E-mail me when Available notifications . You can discontinue these e-mails by canceling your subscription to these services . You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt out link included in each promotional e-mail . Target Ticket if you do not wish to receive Target Ticket promotional e-mails , you have the ability to unsubscribe via the opt out link included in each Target Ticket promotional e-mail . This opt out only applies to Target Ticket promotional e-mails . Sharing with Other Companies ( for their marketing purposes )  If you do not wish us to share the personal information we have collected with other unaffiliated companies ( for their marketing purposes ) , contact us or call 800-440-0680 to opt out . Mobile We distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of guests who have requested this information via an opt in request . To opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign , reply " stop " to text messages sent from 827438 ( TARGET ) . To opt out of Target mobile marketing , text " stop all " to 827438 ( TARGET ) . Target Cookies The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time . If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Target.com features ( i.e. you will be able to browse the site , but will not be able to make a purchase ) . Third Party Cookies To opt out of third-party cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website Other web site analytics services for example , Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics provides services that analyze information regarding visits to Target.com They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information . To learn about Adobe Analytics privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting , click here . California Residents If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties , for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes , during the preceding calendar year . To request a notice , please submit your request to Target Corporation , Attn : California Shine the Light Inquiry , P.O . Box 9350 Minneapolis , MN 55440 . Please allow 30 days for a response . In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of it in the following ways : If you have created a Target.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information . Contact us with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect . Security Methods We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information . When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number , we use industry standard methods to protect that information . However , no e-commerce solution , website , database or system is completely secure or hacker proof . You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse . E-mail Security " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information . If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond . We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through e-mail . Children 's Personal Information We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 . If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online , we ask that a parent or guardian contact us or call 800-440-0680 . Mail : Target Stores , Target Executive Offices PO Box 9350 Minneapolis MN 55440 Phone : 800-440-0680 E-mail : guest.relations @ target.com Target Privacy Policy Scope This privacy policy applies to all current or former guest personal information , except for information collected by or provided in connection with : A Target Debit Card . See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy . Use of a Target Pharmacy or the Rx Rewards program . See the Target Pharmacy Notice of Privacy Policy . Use of a Target Clinic . See the Target Clinic Notice of Privacy Policy . Interactions with Target Commercial Interiors . See the Target Commercial Interiors Privacy Policy . Use of Target 's Wireless Service . See the Target Wireless Service Privacy Notice . Use of a Target Mobile Application . See the Target Mobile Application Privacy Policy . Using a Target Visa Card or a Target Credit Card . See the Target Credit Card Privacy Policy . Note , contact information you provide on a Target Credit Card application is provided to both TD Bank USA N.A. and to Target and its affiliates . Completing an application for employment with Target . Our website may offer links to other sites . If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site . In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site . In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link . You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information . Target Privacy Policy Revisions This history changes begins as of July 2004 and includes the date of the update and a description of changes . Last update : 12/30/2013 Dec 2013 Added information about Online Behavioral Advertising and fraud prevention Dec 2013 Updated the choices available for Target Ticket promotional emails Oct 2013 Added information to the Automated Information Collection section Aug 2013 Added Target ticket and web site analytic services opt out information , social media widget information , and a disclosure about sharing aggregate information with third parties . Updated the security methods description , the description of Target affiliates , Information from Other Sources , and the California resident opt out . Mar 2013Clarified when " information " referenced within the policy means " personal information " . Updated description of Target and its affiliates . Updated Target Cookies and Third Party Cookies sections . Added disclosure regarding sharing of personal information with our bank partner , TD Bank USA N.A. Added information about Target Mobile Applications . Aug 2012Updated Third-Party cookies section and added information about collection of User Experience Information . May 2012Added information about Target 's Wireless ( Wi-Fi ) Service in Stores , including link to Wireless Service Privacy Notice . Apr 2011Added offline , mobile , and social collection , use , and sharing of information , expanded guest choice options . Aug 2009Added additional details about Cookies and Targeted Advertising . Removed information for pharmacy guests in New York and Texas . Feb 2008Added information for pharmacy guests in Texas . Jan 2008Added information about the Target Debit Card , added additional information to the " What are ' Cookies ' and how do we use them ? " paragraph , added information about " phishing " and revised the " Security " section . Sep 2005Added Target Commercial Interiors as a member of the Target . Oct 2004Added Target Bank as a member of the Target . Aug 2004Removed references to Mervyn 's Stores and Mervyns.com . Additional Site Navigation 
privacy policy We at IKEA North American Services LLC ( IKEA ) respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us . This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect , how we may use that information , and with whom we may share it . Our Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information . In addition , we describe the choices you can make about how we use the information you provide to us . We tell you how you can reach us to update your contact information , remove your name from our mailing list , or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices . We collect and use information about you to communicate with you about our products , services and promotions . We also collect information to improve the shopping experience of IKEA consumers . Here are the ways we obtain information about you and the types of information we obtain . We also tell you how we use the information . Catalog When you request a catalog from us , you provide us with contact information , such as your name , address , phone number and email address , so we may fulfill your request . Email When you subscribe to our email list , you provide us information such as your email address , name and ZIP code so we may communicate with you via email . We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way . To update your email communication preferences , or to unsubscribe , please click here . Purchases When you order or purchase an IKEA product , you may be required to give us contact and payment information ( such as credit card information ) so we may process your order . When you pay for an IKEA product using a credit card , we use your credit card information only to fulfil your order and for other internal purposes . Purchase verification policy Please note that IKEA may request to verify your purchases against your receipt . Please keep your receipt available to show an IKEA representative upon request . IKEA FAMILY If you sign up for IKEA FAMILY , you will be asked for your name , date of birth ( to confirm eligibility ) and information about how you wish to be contacted , such as email address , mobile phone number and home address . Customer Service If you contact one of our customer service representatives , we may ask you for information such as your name , address and email address so we can respond to your questions or comments . With your consent , we may retain this information to personalize your experience with us and better assist you the next time you contact us . Help Us to Improve ( HUTI ) In store we provide you with the option to leave a personal comment to the store manager . During this process you have the option to provide us with such information as your name , address , email address and telephone number so that we can respond to your questions or concerns . The information that is collected and retained by this unit is for IKEA 's use only . Customer Profiles On our website and in store we provide you with the option to create a customer profile . The profile allows you to save shopping lists that you create in your in store and online visits , as well as allowing you to save personal planners and designs on the IKEA server and quickly access them when you are in the store . The customer profile includes personal information such as your name and address , your telephone number and your email address . The customer profile allows us to facilitate your IKEA shopping experience and to expedite the delivery of purchased products . The IKEA customer profile is optional . Website We collect information on our website using transient cookies , sometimes called session cookies . A transient cookie is a small file that contains information about a user , and disappears when the user 's browser is closed . Unlike a persistent cookie , a transient cookie is not stored on the user 's hard drive ; it is stored only in temporary memory that is erased when the web browser is closed . We use transient cookies to determine , for example , how you use our website so we can improve the design of our site . Transient cookies are not linked to any personally identifiable information about you . Cookies can be disabled in your web browser . When you visit our web site , we also collect anonymous information from you . This includes the Internet browser you are using ; the computer operating system you are using , time spent visiting the web site , usage patterns within the web site , and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site . This information is not matched to your personal information and does not personally identify you . We collect this information to help improve your experience on the web site . Additionally , IKEA may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our interests and property . This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud or government subpoenas and warrants . Mobile IKEA offers our customers the ability to find out what 's new at their local IKEA store through their mobile device , either by browsing our mobile web site or through text messaging . Usage of the mobile web site follows similar standards employed by our standard web site ; cookies may be employed to remember preferences or previous activity but do not reveal personal information and can be disabled using your mobile device 's Internet options . For text messaging , users will only receive messages if they have specifically opted in for them ; standard text message rates will apply . To join IKEA Mobile , text the keyword " JOIN " to 62345 . To unsubscribe from IKEA Mobile , text the keyword " STOP " to 62345 . Kid 's Ballroom To take advantage of our supervised children 's play area and ballroom while you shop , we require you to fill out a registration card that asks for the child 's name and age , the parent 's or guardian 's name , address , telephone number and signature , and any health concerns relating to the child that we should know . We ask for this information to help ensure the safety and security of the child . Other information you provide to us Through surveys , you may provide us with information such as product preferences , reasons for purchasing a product , family and lifestyle information to help us learn more about your shopping preferences . You also may provide such information when you fill out a warranty card about a product you purchased from IKEA . In addition , you may give us such information if you register for or redeem IKEA special offers , discount coupons or other promotions . We also may ask you to provide us with information about products that interest you and other lifestyle information . We will use such information to learn about your needs and preferences and if you choose to receive further communications from IKEA , to provide you with information about our products services and promotions . Except as may be required in order to process a transaction , you may choose whether or not to give us your personal information , and if you do , how we use it . If we request your personal information , we will tell you why we are collecting it and seek your consent . Sometimes you will be asked to give your consent expressly ( such as by checking a box or clicking on a web page ) . Other times we may obtain your consent implicitly by asking you to provide information with stated purposes but without any express statement of consent ( such as when you order a product or request a catalogue ) . In other cases , your consent may be implied such as when you respond to a survey when it is understood that we will use the information to learn more about your needs and preferences , or your satisfaction as a customer so as to improve our products and services . In those cases your consent will be understood if you provide us with the requested information . You may notify us at any time that you do not wish us to use your information for any purposes that are not required to complete a transaction by contacting us in any of the ways described at the end of this Notice . You may at any time withdraw or change your consent to our use and disclosure of your information or request us to delete if from our files , subject to legal and contractual restrictions and requirements related to any transaction . We retain your information as long as it is required for the purposes identified when you provided the information for such specific purposes or for any new purposes identified by us and consented to by you , and for any appropriate time thereafter including a sufficient time following to permit you to ask any questions regarding its use . Your contact information which you provide through the customer profile process ( described above ) is retained until you request us to delete or change it . Information which is created as part of your shopping experience , such as shopping lists , price offers , personal planners and designs , is retained for varying periods up to two years . Certain information is retained for longer periods for our internal audit and quality control purposes . IKEA does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties outside the IKEA corporate family for their own marketing purposes . However , we may do so within the IKEA corporate family . We do share this information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf , but these service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements . We also may disclose information about you as required by law . We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets . If the business is transferred , we will provide you with the opportunity to tell us that you would prefer that information about you not be transferred . Should such a transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice . The security of personal information is a high priority for us . We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure , use , alteration and destruction of the personal information in our possession . We are committed to providing appropriate security controls to protect personal information we have about you against foreseeable hazards . We may transfer your information outside of the United States for processing and storing . The privacy laws in other jurisdictions may differ from United States privacy laws and in some jurisdictions your information may be accessed by law enforcement authorities or the courts . If you would like to obtain more information about our policies and practices relating to our transfer and processing information outside of the United States , please contact us in any of the ways described below under How can I contact IKEA ? . IKEA services and promotions will change over time . This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices . Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice , we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made . We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice , and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you . By using this web site , you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it . Any future access to this web site subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised . We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time . The IKEA website may contain links to other websites that operate independently of IKEA and are not under our control . We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information . Other websites may have their own privacy notices , which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites . IKEA is not responsible for information that is provided by , or collected through , those websites or for any other use of those websites . We recognize that having accurate and up-to-date information about you and your preferences is important to our ability to properly serve your interests . You can update your email contact information by clicking here , or by using one of the options provided below . We will send you email only if you have provided us with your email address and have asked us to communicate with you this way . IKEA also occassionally sends emails to customers who have opted in to receive emails from third parties . To unsubscribe from these communications , simply click on the unsubscribe link located within the email and you will be able to unsubscribe from the list owner . If you prefer not to receive product information or promotions from us by U.S. Mail , please click here . To unsubscribe from our email list , please follow the opt-out instructions at the bottom of the email you received , or click here and update your profile by deselecting " Please send me : Inspirational emails and updates. "  If you have any other questions about IKEA 's privacy practices or about your personal information , please contact us here or call 1-800-434-4532 , or write us at : IKEA North America Services , LLC Attention : Privacy Notice 420 Alan Wood Rd Conshohocken , PA 19428 We will respond to your inquiry or investigate your concern as quickly as possible . DATED : December 16 , 2013 
GROUPON , INC. PRIVACY STATEMENT Last Updated : September 13 , 2012 This Privacy Statement ( Privacy Statement ) explains how Groupon , Inc . ( Groupon , us , our , and we ) uses your information and applies to all who use our Web site , mobile applications , electronic services , social networking sites , or any individual , business partner-specific , merchant-specific , city-specific , or other area-specific Web sites we offer that link to or reference this Privacy Statement ( collectively , the Site ) and when you receive electronic communications from us . Please read this Privacy Statement carefully and review it periodically for the latest information about our privacy practices . By using the Site , you agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement . If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Statement , please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with the Site . We will routinely update this Privacy Statement to clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices , such as when we add new services , functionality or features to the Site . If we make any material changes we will notify you by email ( sent to the email address specified in your account ) or by means of notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective . You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the date it was Last Updated above . You can review the last version of this Privacy Statement here . This Privacy Statement is organized as follows :  Types of Information We Collect Your Choices How Groupon Uses Information When and Why Groupon Discloses Personal Information How Groupon Collects Information Security of Personal Information Accessing and Correcting Personal Information Social Networks Privacy Practices of Third Parties EU/EEA Safe Harbor ; Notice to Residents of Countries outside the United States of America Children 's Privacy TRUSTe Privacy Program Contact Us ; California Privacy Rights and Other Countries Glossary of Terms We will collect information , including Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information , when you interact with us and the Site , for example when you : access or use the Site ; register , subscribe , or create an account with Groupon ; open or respond to our e-mails ; provide information to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of , or together with , Business Partners ; visit any page online that displays our ads or content ; purchase products or services on or through the Site ; connect or link to any Site via social networking sites ; post comments to Online Communities ; and provide information to our Vendors . This Privacy Statement does not apply to the collection of information in any way other than as listed above . We think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about you and what you like . However , you can limit the information you provide to Groupon , and you can limit the communications that Groupon sends to you . You can manage your email and notice preferences by logging into your account through the Groupon website , entering the My Stuff section , and selecting My Email Subscriptions , or via the Groupon mobile application , by selecting Project in your account options and then selecting Subscriptions . You can also manage your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial e-mails that we send you . You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages , and may choose to unsubscribe from others . You may update your subscription preferences at any time . Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email messages , we may still need to contact you with important transactional information related to your account and your purchases . For example , even if you have unsubscribed from our promotional email messages , we will still send you confirmations when you make purchases on the Site . You may manage how your browser handles Cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings . Browsers are different , so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available . You can opt-out of being targeted by certain Third-Party Ad-Servers online using the National Advertising Initiative 's Opt-Out Tool , or on TRUSTe 's site . You may manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share certain Device Data with Groupon , as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile device . Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings . You may also manage the sharing of certain Personal Information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications . Please refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between Groupon and your social networking account or your mobile device . If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our Business Partners , you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you . We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) , use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement to : Operate , maintain and improve the Site and our services ; Provide you with personalized ads and offers for products and services from us and participating Business Partners ; Facilitate and fulfill orders placed on the Site for example , for Groupon vouchers and other goods and services , including tracking redemption ; Evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers , products or services that may be of interest to you , and analyze advertising effectiveness ; Answer your questions and respond to your requests ; Perform analytics and conduct customer research ; Communicate and provide additional information that may be of interest to you about Groupon and our Business Partners , sometimes by combining your information with information from Other Sources ; Send you reminders , technical notices , updates , security alerts , support and administrative messages , service bulletins , marketing messages , and requested information , including on behalf of Business Partners ; Administer rewards , surveys , sweepstakes , contests , or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our Business Partners ; Manage our everyday business needs , such as administration of the Site , forum management , fulfillment , analytics , fraud prevention , and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Use , or to comply with the law ; Allow you to apply for a job , post a video or sign up for special offers from merchants , Business Partners , or third parties through the Site , and to Enhance other information we have about you directly or from Other Sources to help us better understand you and determine your interests . We also may use information collected as described in this Privacy Statement with your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by law . We ( or our Vendors on our behalf ) may share your Personal Information as required or permitted by law : with any Groupon Affiliate who may only use the Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement ; with our Vendors to provide services for us and who are required to protect the Personal Information ; to report or collect on debts owed to us or our Business Partners ; with relevant Business Partners : with whom we jointly offer products and services ; to facilitate a direct relationship with you , including in connection with any program we administer on behalf of the Business Partner ; to enable electronic communications with you as part of purchase , a sponsored reward , offer , contest , program , or other activity in which you have elected to participate ; to the extent you have purchased or redeemed a Groupon voucher , goods or services offered by a Business Partner or participated in an offer , rewards , contest or other activity or program sponsored or offered through Groupon on behalf of that Business Partner ; with a purchaser of Groupon or any of the Groupon Affiliates ( or their assets ) ; to comply with legal orders and government requests , or as needed to support auditing , compliance , and corporate governance functions ; to combat fraud or criminal activity , and to protect our rights or those of our Affiliates , users , and Business Partners , or as part of legal proceedings affecting Groupon ; in response to a subpoena , or similar legal process , including to law enforcement agencies , regulators , and courts in the United States and other countries where we operate ; or with your consent . We encourage Business Partners to adopt and post privacy policies . However , their use of Personal Information obtained through Groupon is governed by their privacy policies and is not subject to our control . We may also disclose Non-Identifiable Information :  for the same reasons we might share Personal Information ; with Business Partners for their own analysis and research ; to facilitate targeted content and ads ; or with Third-Party Ad-Servers to place our ads and/or ads of our merchants or Business Partners on the Site and on third-party sites , and to analyze the effectiveness of those ads . We do not share Personal Information with Third-Party Ad-Servers ; however , Third-Party Ad-Servers may automatically collect Non-Identifying Information about your visit to the Site and other websites , your device address , your Internet Service Provider and the browser you use to visit the Site . They do this by using Cookies , clear gifs and other technologies . Information collected may be used , among other things , to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visits to the Site and the other websites tracked by these third parties . This Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by Third-Party Ad-Servers , and Groupon is not responsible for Cookies or clear gifs in third party ads . We encourage you to review the privacy policies or statements of these third party advertising companies to learn more about their use of Cookies and other technologies . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by third party advertisers , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org . You provide us with your Personal Information when you register , subscribe , create an account , purchase or redeem Groupon vouchers , or otherwise when you provide us with your Personal Information during your interaction with the Site . We also collect Personal Information when you contact us online for customer service and other support using self-help tools , such as email , text , or by posting to an Online Community . We also receive Personal Information and other online and offline information from Other Sources . Groupon will use such information in accordance with applicable laws . Such information , when combined with Personal Information collected as provided in this Privacy Statement , will also be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement . We also use cookies , tags , web beacons , local shared objects , files , tools and programs to keep records , store your preferences , improve our advertising , and collect Non-Identifying Information , including Device Data and your interaction with the Site and our Business Partners ' web sites . We use Cookies that contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your Site activity with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with the Site . We use session cookies on a temporary basis , such as to manage your view of pages on the Site . We use persistent cookies for a number of purposes , such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided ( for example , your user id if you asked to be remembered ) , and storing your preferences ( for example , the cities for which you want to be shown Groupon vouchers ) . Information from Cookies also tells us about the website you were visiting before you came to the Site and the website you visit after you leave the Site . When you access these pages or open email messages , we use Pixel Tags and Web Beacons to generate a notice of that action to us , or our Vendors . These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Site ' pages and promotions . Device Data may be collected when your device interacts with the Site and Groupon , even if you are not logged into the Site using your device . If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device , please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings . Groupon has implemented an information security program that contains administrative , technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information . For example , we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure Financial Account Information . You can access , update and delete your , Financial Account Information , and the other information you provided to us in your profile by logging into your account and accessing the My Account section of the Site or sending us an email at privacy @ groupon.com . Keeping your Personal Information current helps ensure that we , our Affiliates and Business Partners offer you the offers that are most relevant to you . If you want to close your Groupon account or have other questions or requests , please contact us . While we are ready to assist you in managing your subscriptions , closing your account , and removing your active profile , we can not always delete records of past interactions and transactions . For example , we are required to retain records relating to previous purchases on the Site for financial reporting and compliance reasons . We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes . If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you services contact us at support @ groupon.com . We will retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . Social Community Areas The Site may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where you may be able to publicly post information , communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs , review products and merchants , and submit media content . Prior to posting in these areas , please read our Terms of Use carefully . All the information you post may be accessible to anyone with Internet access , and any Personal Information you include in your posting may be read , collected , and used by others . For example , if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties . You should avoid publicly posting Personal Information or identifying information about third parties . Connecting through Social Networks Groupon offers social networking users the opportunity to interact with friends and to share on social networks . If you are logged into both Groupon and a social network , when you use the Site ' social networking connection functions , we will link your social network account with your Groupon account if the email addresses match . If the email addresses do not match , we ask you if you want to link them and you must validate that you control the accounts . If you are already logged into Groupon but not logged into your social network site , when you use the Site ' social network connection functions , you will be prompted to enter your social network web site credentials or to sign up for the social network . If you are not currently registered as a Groupon user and you use the Site 's social network connection functions , you will first be asked to enter your social network credentials and then be given the option to register and join Groupon . Once you register with Groupon and connect with the social network , you will be able to automatically post recent Groupon activity back to your social network . Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network account to manage the data that is shared through your account . By proceeding through any of the above steps , you grant Groupon permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network 's terms of use and this Privacy Statement . This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information by Groupon through your interaction with the Site . Other websites that may be accessible through links from the Site may have their own privacy statements and personal information collection , use , and disclosure practices . Our Business Partners may also have their own privacy statements . We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of a sponsored offer or promotion . Groupon , Inc. is headquartered in the United States of America . We recognize that the European Community has established a data protection regime pursuant to Directive 95/46/EC ( the Directive ) . The Directive applies to the European Economic Area ( EEA ) . Switzerland has also established a data protection regime pursuant to the Federal Act on Data Protection ( FADP ) . These regimes restrict companies in the EEA and Switzerland ( collectively , EEA/CH ) from transferring personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH to the United States , unless there is adequate protection for such personal data when it is received in the United States . To create such adequate protection and allow our Affiliates , Vendors and Business Partners to overcome the restriction on international data transfers established by the Directive and the FADP , we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles published by US Department of Commerce ( Safe Harbor Principles ) with respect to personal data about individuals in the EEA/CH that our subsidiaries and Business Partners in the EEA/CH send to us , ( EEA/CH Data ) . More information on the Safe Harbor Principles and Groupon , Inc. 's scope of participation is available at http : //export.gov/safeharbor/ . Groupon 's policy concerning the processing of EEA/CH Data under its certification can be viewed at http : //www.groupon.com/safe-harbor . If you live outside the United States ( including in the EEA/CH ) , and you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information directly via the Site , your information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement . By using the Site or giving us your Personal Information , you are directly transferring your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information to us in the United States . The United States may not have the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction . However , you agree and consent to our collection , transfer , and processing of your Personal Information and Non-Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement . You are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the Site or provide us with Personal Information . Regardless of where we transfer your information , we still protect your information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement . Groupon does not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of thirteen , and such use is prohibited . The Site is designed and intended for adults . By using Groupon , you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the Site . We will promptly delete information associated with any account be obtain actual knowledge is associated with a registered user who is not at least eighteen years old . TRUSTe online privacy certification Groupon , Inc. has received TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe 's program requirements including transparency , accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your information . TRUSTe 's mission , as an independent third party , is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions . If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Statement or practices , please contact us at privacy @ groupon.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . The TRUSTe program only covers information collected on the Web site www.groupon.com . Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement . You can reach us online at privacy @ groupon.com . You can reach us via postal mail at the following address :  Groupon Inc . Attention : Privacy Office 600 West Chicago Avenue Chicago , Illinois 60654 USA If you reside in Canada , you may have the right to be provided with access to Personal Information that we have collected about you and written information about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal information to Vendors outside Canada . E-mail us at privacy @ groupon.com with questions . Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the proceeding calendar year . In particular , the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties , the names and addresses of those third parties , and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties . To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Groupon pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code , please contact us via the email or address stated above . Please allow 30 days for a response . Affiliate means a company owned and/or controlled by Groupon , Inc . Business Partners means , collectively , third parties with whom we conduct business , such as merchants , co-marketers , distributors , and resellers . Cookie means a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account , your preferences , and your use of the Site . Some cookies are temporary , whereas others may be configured to last longer . Session cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons , such as to manage page views . Your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser . Persistent cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser . Device Data means information concerning a device you use to access , use , or interact with the Site , such as operating system type or mobile device model , browser type , domain , and other system settings , the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device , geo-location , unique device identifier or other device identifier , mobile phone carrier identification , and device software platform and firmware information . Non-Identifying Information means information that alone can not identify you , including data from Cookies , Pixel Tags and Web Beacons , and Device Data . Non-Identifying Information may be derived from Personal Information . Online Communities means , collectively , our social networking pages or accounts , forums , bulletin boards , discussion groups , chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or linked through the Site . Other Sources means sources of information that legally provide Groupon with your information , and which are outside the scope of this Privacy Statement at the time of collection . Personal Information means information about you that specifically identifies you or , when combined with other information we have , can be used to identify you . This includes the following types of information :  Contact Information : your name , postal addresses , email addresses , social networking website user account names , telephone numbers , or other addresses at which you are able to receive communications . Relationship Information : information you provide that enables us to determine lifestyle , interests , and activities , including location information related to your state/province , city , or neighborhood ; areas of interest , the types of deals that interest you , information collected through your interactions with social networks , demographic information ( e.g. , birth date , age , gender ) ; information about persons for whom you have purchased Groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought Groupon vouchers as gifts for you ; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred ;  Transaction Information : information you provide when you interact with us and the Site , such as the Groupon vouchers you are interested in , purchase and redeem ; email and other communications ; and how you interact with Business Partners and our Vendors ; and Financial Information : information collected from you as needed to process payments for Groupon vouchers or other products or services that you buy , or as provided by you to administer your participation in optional services and programs , such as your payment card number , expiration date , and card verification number . Pixel Tags and Web Beacons means tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions . Third-Party Ad-Servers means Vendors and other third parties that provide the technology to place ads on websites and track ad performance . Vendors means , collectively , third parties that perform business operations on behalf of Groupon , such as transaction processing , billing , mailing , communications services ( e-mail , direct mail , etc. ) , marketing , data processing and analytics , servicing , collections , or ad management . 
Privacy Policy Newegg.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site . We will not sell , share , or rent this information to any outside parties , except as outlined in this policy . We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information , such as order confirmations and order status updates . Information collected includes your name , shipping address , billing address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , and payment information such as your credit card number . We also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information . To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential , DO NOT share this information with anyone . If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions , your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items . In order to process your orders placed on this website , you must first complete the registration form . During registration , you will be required to provide your contact information , which includes your name , e-mail address , telephone number and street address . This information is used to provide you with important Newegg.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail . Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders . During the order process , you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number , expiration date , money order , wire transfer or check information . This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order . If we have trouble processing an order , we will use this contact information to get in touch with you . To properly process your credit card information , we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval . This process is protected by an enhanced security system . See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures . We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties , except those specified in the Sharing section of this policy . We customize certain Web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie . If you choose to reject the cookie , you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise . The Newegg.com shopping cart can not function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained . If you disable cookies , Newegg.com will be unable to accept your online order . We will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party . We will , however , link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site . This allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance . Some of our business partners ( e.g. , advertisers ) use cookies on our site . We have no access to or control over these cookies . This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Newegg.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers . We use IP addresses to analyze trends , administer the site , track user movement , and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information , and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties . We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf . These functions may include order fulfillment , package delivery , marketing assistance , postal and e-mail delivery , customer service , data analysis , and credit processing . The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes . FedEx Corporation 942 South Shady Grove Road Memphis , TN 38120 1-800-GO-FEDEX www.fedex.com UPS Corporate Headquarters 55 Glenlake Parkway , NE Atlanta , GA 30328 1-800-PICK-UPS www.ups.com US Postal Service Headquarters 475 L 'Enfant Plaza , SW Washington , DC 20260 1-800-ASK-USPS www.usps.com We may frame or mask another website so that the look , feel and interface simulate the experience of browsing a genuine Newegg.com web page . Extreme care and discretion is exercised when evaluating third party sites . We only brand third party sites if their organization applies stringent security and privacy practices which parallel our own commitment to safe online shopping . As our business continues to evolve , we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries . Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions . In such a situation , your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice . We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law , and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding , court order , or legal process served on our website . The testimonials section of the Newegg.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences . The testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials . Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg.com . Newegg.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion . By posting your comment ( s ) or testimonial ( s ) ( " Testimonial " ) on our website , you give us permission to reprint or use the Testimonial in connection with our business . You also are agreeing to the following : ( 1 ) The reprint or use of the Testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation ; ( 2 ) We may use the Testimonial with or without any pseudo ( pen ) name credit ; ( 3 ) Our right to use the Testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us ; ( 4 ) We may use the Testimonial locally , nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media , information or communication platform ( including Internet advertising ) currently in use or later developed ; and ( 5 ) You and not someone else composed and posted the Testimonial . Other than your pseudo ( pen ) name , which we may or may not use , your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your Testimonial . Newegg.com does not sell products for purchase by children . Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only . If you are under the age of 18 , you may only use Newegg.com in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian . We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13 . Newegg.com is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children . This website contains links to other sites . Please be aware that Newegg.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites . We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site , and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information . This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website . Newegg.com takes precautions to protect its customers ' information . When you submit sensitive information via the website , your information is protected both online and offline . When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information ( such as your credit card number ) , that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL . Newegg.com uses the most advanced form of SSL software available : 128-bit encryption by VeriSign . To learn more about SSL , follow this link www.verisign.com . Access to all of our users ' information is restricted . Newegg.com operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid ID badges . Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems . Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information . If you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order , you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order . Otherwise , you may contact us at webmaster @ newegg.com , or call toll free 1-800-390-1119 , to request that your information be deleted from our database . For future transactions , you will be required to re-enter your information . All Newegg.com servers , including web servers and database servers , are housed and maintained in secure locations . Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access . Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple Checkpoint and Cisco firewalls and password protection . The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment , inside a secured and locked room . All backups are stored and locked in a high-level security room . Only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas . Tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization . All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices . Every quarter , in addition to any time a new policy is added , Newegg.com employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance of privacy , and what they can do to ensure that customers ' information remains protected at all times . If you have any questions or concerns about Newegg.com 's security practices , you can send us an email at service @ newegg.com . Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Newegg.com permission to send them such information . To honor the privacy of our users , we offer the option to not receive these types of communications . At the time of your order , you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field . Furthermore , all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news . Customers might still receive intermittent updates on products , services , specials or Newegg.com news . Please reference the Choice/Opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed . Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our Help section . You must have your username and password in order to access your account . In the event you forget both your username and password , please contact our customer service department for assistance . For customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving Newegg.com special offers and related news , Newegg.com provides several ways to do so . Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by un-checking the " permission to send " field when processing their orders . They may also send e-mails to webmaster @ newegg.com with a request to be removed . Finally , they may use the link provided in all Newegg.com communications to automatically unsubscribe . If we decide to change our Privacy Policy , we will post those changes to this privacy statement , the homepage , and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect , how we use it , and under what circumstances , if any , we disclose it . We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time , so please review it frequently . If we make material changes to this policy , we will notify you here , by email , or by means of a notice on our homepage . If you have opted out of receiving communications from Newegg.com , you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.newegg.com . Otherwise , you may e-mail us at webmaster @ newegg.com or call us toll free at ( 800 ) 390-1119 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates . Last Update The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective June 1 , 2005 . Address Newegg.com 9997 Rose Hills Road Whittier , CA 90601 
Welcome ! This privacy policy applies to customer information collected and used by Kohl 's Corporation and its affiliates in Kohl 's retail stores ( " Stores " ) and on our " Site. "  For purposes of this privacy policy , " Site " means those websites linking to this Policy , including without limitation , Kohls.com , its related subdomains and microsites , Kohl 's mobile applications and Kohls.com accessed through Kohl 's kiosks and/or your mobile device . To view your separate Kohl 's Credit Card Privacy Policy , please click here . Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy ( " Policy " ) which explains what type of information is collected both in our Stores and through our Site , how that information is used , to whom it is disclosed , and how it is safeguarded . By using the Site and shopping in our Stores , you agree to the terms of this Policy and our use of your information as described in this Policy , and you expressly agree to comply with Kohl 's Legal Notices . Back to Top ( a ) Information Collected When You Interact with Kohl 's : We collect information , including personal information , from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Kohl 's , both in our Stores and through our Site . Examples of information we may collect include your name , home address , email address , telephone number , mobile phone number , precise location information , mobile device identification , Site traffic and navigational information , credit card number , purchase and order information , demographical information and event-related information for gift registries . Such information can be collected , for instance , when :  You follow the checkout process and make an online or in-store purchase , return or exchange ; You purchase an electronic gift card ; You create a personalized Kohls.com shopping account for your convenience ; You use our online order tracking ; You sign up to receive promotional emails or text messages ( including offers and sales alerts ) ; You sign up to join a loyalty , rewards or similar program or club ; You provide your contact information and product preferences in consulting with our beauty associates ; You participate in one of our promotional sweepstakes , contests and/or surveys or focus groups ; You create or update a gift registry ; You use the Ratings & Reviews or related services and features ; You submit a request to our Customer Service team ; You sign up for , and/or maintain , a Kohl 's Charge card ; You use and navigate Kohl 's Sites , including features to find store locations ; You click on sponsored links or third-party advertisements ; You install , use , and navigate Kohl 's mobile applications and/or mobile website ; You participate in the Kohl 's Blog and/or use Kohl 's pages on social media sites , such as Facebook , Twitter , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram ( " Social Media Pages " ) . You use the Wi-Fi Services provided in some Stores . ( b ) Information from Other Sources : We may receive information about you from other sources and third parties . For instance , we obtain information from companies to enhance our existing customer information , such as improving the accuracy of the information we have about our customers . Back to Top We use the information we collect to carry out our core business functions , such as : ( i ) processing purchase , return or exchange transactions ; ( ii ) providing the products or services you request ; ( iii ) improving our Site and our Stores ; ( iv ) marketing and promotional purposes ; ( v ) communicating with you ; and ( vi ) to enhance your overall Kohl 's shopping experience across channels . In order to accomplish these objectives , we may also combine information about you that we collect in our Stores and through our Site , including your use of our mobile applications and Wi-Fi Services . Back to Top ( a ) Internally : We may share your information within Kohl 's Corporation , including with our affiliates ( b ) Merger or Acquisition : In the event that Kohl 's and/or its affiliates would merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity as well as ( or portions through ) an asset sale or is involved in a corporate reorganization or other change of control , some or all of the personal information collected about you could be shared , as well as retained by Kohl 's . ( c ) Service Providers : We provide your information to companies that provide support services to Kohl 's , such as : printers , marketing providers , analytics companies , web hosting providers , contest and survey administrators , call center service providers , payment processors , fulfillment and logistics vendors and data verification providers . We may also share your personal information with third parties that provide financial products and services related to our business , such as Kohl 's Charge . These companies need your personal information to perform their functions , to fulfill your requests and to make your shopping experience more satisfying . ( d ) Elsewhere at your Direction : At your direction , we may share your information . For instance , if you participate in any Kohl 's Gift Registry , you agree that your name ( s ) , event date ( s ) , state and complete Gift List will be viewable on the Site , our partnership Gift Registry websites and/or in Kohl 's Stores to anyone who searches , finds and selects the registrants ' names when using the Gift Registry feature . If Gift Registry participants do not want this information accessible on Kohls.com and/or our partnership Gift Registry websites , they may call Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 to request registry access be restricted to Kohl 's Stores only . ( e ) Legal or Safety Requirements : Kohl 's may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based upon our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law , to protect users of our Site or the Site itself , to protect the public or to otherwise protect and defend the rights and property of Kohl 's . Back to Top The following applies to your use of Kohl 's mobile website , mobile applications , and/or Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores : ( a ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages : Kohl 's distributes mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested the coupons and consented to the text messages via an opt-in request . The opportunity to opt out of a specific text message marketing campaign will be made available with the messages we send . Refer to " Choices Regarding Your Information " section below for more options . ( b ) Information Collected Automatically : Kohl 's collects certain information automatically , such as the type of mobile device you use ; device identifier ; your mobile operating system ; pages you visit on our mobile site ; search terms ; the type of mobile Internet browsers you use ; and information about the way you use our mobile website and applications . ( c ) Precise Location Information : If you elect to utilize the location-based features and functionalities made available by Kohl 's through its mobile website or mobile applications , or simply by using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in our Stores , Kohl 's may collect mobile device identification and precise , real-time location-based information from technologies like Wi-Fi , or cell tower triangulation ( or a combination of these technologies ) . If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi services or any location-based service offered through our mobile website or through a Kohl 's mobile application or click " Do n't Allow " when your mobile device requests your location-based information . Once you elect to allow location-based services through a Kohl 's mobile application , you are agreeing that we can use your location data when you use location-based features like the store locator , and we can continue to collect your location information when you are at a Kohl 's Store unless you turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application . Refer to Choices Regarding Your Information section below for more options . ( d ) Other Information : With respect to other information collected through our mobile website or Kohl 's mobile applications , we may collect the same type of information as addressed in " Types of Information We Collect " and will use and share the collected information in the manner described in " How We Use Your Information " and " How We Share Your Information. "  Back to Top ( a ) General : A cookie is a small text file sent by a website that is stored on your hard drive by your computer 's browser . At Kohls.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies . Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open . We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag . Persistent cookies last from visit to visit and do not go away when you exit your browser . We use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to streamline your website navigation . For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed on Kohls.com . Managing cookies varies from browser to browser , so please refer to your browser for further information . If you would like to disable cookies from Kohls.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Site . If you block cookies from Kohls.com , you may not be able to make purchases or use other interactive features of our Site . We also use pixel tags ( sometimes called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails . Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior , collecting information about your visit , including pages you view , links you click , whether you open an email or if our banner ads on our Site or other websites are effective . The information collected may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer . We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before and immediately after coming to our Site , including banner ads bringing you to or taking you from Kohls.com Identifiers for Advertising ( " IFA " ) or other device identifiers may be used when you use Kohl 's mobile application or utilize Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services in Stores , as described in the Mobile and Location-Based Services portion of this Policy . Kohl 's may also use service providers and/or third-party analytic companies acting on behalf of Kohl 's to implement these cookies , pixel tags and similar technologies to help us track , collect and analyze this information to improve our Site . ( b ) Technology Used to Serve Advertisements on Websites . Kohl 's and our third-party vendors , such as Google , use first- and third-party cookies to inform , optimize and serve ads based upon a user 's past visits to our Site , and to report upon how Kohl 's ad impressions and other ad services are related to the Site . We may combine and associate the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you . This collective information may be used for interest-based advertising ( also called " online behavioral advertising " ) in order to personalize your online experience , improve our website , and to tailor our marketing to you . To learn more about this process or to opt out of this type of advertising , click here . Back to Top ( a ) Personal Information Collected Directly by Kohl 's : Kohl 's may collect personal information from you through our Social Media Pages if you provide it . Examples of how personal information may be collected directly on Social Media Pages include your provision of information through ( i ) an application or form which links to this Policy , including Kohl 's sweepstakes or contests appearing on our Social Media Pages ; and/or ( ii ) you interact with a Kohl 's representative concerning a customer service or other issue , question , or comment . ( b ) Personal Information Collected by the Social Media Sites : This Policy does not cover the privacy and security practices of the social media sites on which Kohl 's has Social Media Pages . Please review the privacy policies and terms of use on the Social Media Pages if you have any questions about their privacy or security practices . The social media sites where Kohl 's has its Social Media Pages may provide aggregate and customer information and analysis to Kohl 's about visitors ' use of our Social Media Pages and Kohl 's advertising on these sites . Back to Top ( a ) Email : Each promotional email you receive from Kohl 's will offer you the continuing opportunity to cancel or opt out of Kohl 's email list . In addition , if you decide that you would rather not receive promotional emails from us in the future , you may unsubscribe at this address : http : //www.kohls.com/homepage/sale_alert_unsub.jsp ( b ) Mobile Coupons & Text Messages : If you have signed up for text messages and/or mobile coupons , but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , you can simply follow the opt-out instructions provided in each mobile message , or you can contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 . ( c ) Mobile Application and Location-Based Services : If you do not want Kohl 's to use location-based information , please refrain from using a location-based service or functionality or click " Do n't Allow " when your mobile device requests your location-based information . In addition , if you previously opted into Kohl 's collection and use of location-based information through our mobile application , you may turn off location-based services for the Kohl 's mobile application at any time through the Settings on your mobile device . Additionally , you can stop collection of all location-based information by uninstalling the application and refraining from using Kohl 's Wi-Fi Services available in some Stores . You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network . ( d ) Postal Mail : If you wish to be removed from the list of customers who receive direct mail through the post mail , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address ( please be sure to include your full name and mailing address where you are receiving the direct mail that you wish to discontinue ) :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc . PO Box 3120 Milwaukee , WI 53201 ( e ) Interest-Based Advertising : For more information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in , and the effect of opting out , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ ( f ) Cookies : Refer to the Help function of your browser to learn more about cookie settings and options . ( g ) Other Website Analytics Services : To learn more about the analytic services provided to Kohl 's by Omniture and Google , respectively , and/or to exercise your opt-out choices , please click on the following links :  - Omniture : http : //www.adobe.com/privacy.html - Google Analytics : http : //www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html and https : //www.google.com/settings/ads ( h ) Update Your Information : If you have created a Kohls.com shopping account and/or a gift registry , you can update your information by signing back into your account or registry . If you have any other requests , please contact Kohl 's Customer Service toll free at ( 866 ) 887-8884 or send your request to the following address :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc . PO Box 3043 Milwaukee , WI 53201 Back to Top Under California law , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes . The notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties , as well as the name and address of the third parties that receive such personal information . If you want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address :  Kohl 's Department Stores , Inc. , Attn . Kohls.com Team , PO Box 3043 Milwaukee , WI 53201 California residents are also advised that Kohl 's ( and certain third parties authorized by Kohl 's ) does track users ' behavior on our Site and across websites for the purpose of serving targeted ads , for instance , or as further described in the " How We Use Your Information " above . As noted , we use third-party advertising vendors that use first- and third-party cookies to gather information as customers interact with Kohl 's Site and interact with other websites . Once gathered , this information helps us to serve ads on our website and other websites . For information about opt-out programs that our third-party advertising vendors may participate in , and the effect of opting out , you can visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . You should be aware that our Site may not recognize Do Not Track header information from some or all browsers . Back to Top ( a ) Online Security : Kohls.com utilizes Secure Sockets Layering ( " SSL " ) to encrypt the information you provide ( including , but not limited to , name , address and credit card number ) as it is transmitted across the Internet to Kohls.com . This means you should not be able to place an order through an unsecured connection . Although we will take reasonable security precautions regarding your personal information collected from and stored on the Site , because of the open nature of the Internet , we can not guarantee that any of your personal information stored on our servers or on those of our third parties , or transmitted to or from Kohls.com , will be free from unauthorized access or disclosure . Accordingly , and as set forth in our Legal Notices , we disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to , disclosure or damage to , interception of , theft , or loss of any data communications and/or personal information . By using the Site , you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks . Kohl 's is also BBB Accredited for the Web . Click on the BBB Seal below to learn more about this certification . ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES BBBOnLine Reliability Seal ( b ) In-store Cameras : Kohl 's uses in-store cameras , primarily for fraud detection and security , as well as for operational purposes , such as measuring traffic patterns . Back to Top The Site , including its mobile applications and tools , is not marketed to , and does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from , children under the age of 13 . Back to Top Please review the My Kohl 's Charge Online Privacy Policy available on the My Kohl 's Charge website to learn how any information you provide to My Kohl 's Charge is protected and used . Back to Top For your convenience , our Site may contain links to outside websites . Kohl 's is not responsible for the web practices of those sites , and we expressly disclaim liability and responsibility for those links . Please view the respective privacy policies and terms of use provided on those sites if you have any questions about their web practices , which Kohl 's has neither reviewed nor endorsed . Back to Top As we continue to offer new and different types of content and services , Kohl 's may modify our collection and use practices covered by this Policy . Should there be a material change to our information practices , it will be applied only to information collected on a go-forward basis , and we will update this privacy policy statement as reflected by updating the date at the beginning of this Policy . For this reason , Kohl 's encourages you to review this Policy statement each time you visit this Site . Back to Top If you have any questions , comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Policy , please feel free to contact us at customer.service @ kohls.com 
Macy 's and macys.com Notice of Privacy Practices This notice of privacy practices was updated on January 9 , 2013 . This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected in Macy 's stores , online at macys.com , and via mobile applications ( Macy 's iShop , macys.com accessed through your mobile device ) . To view your separate Department Store National Bank Privacy Policy for your Macy 's credit card and to read more information about our credit services , please click here . This Notice of Privacy Practices explains :  The kinds of information we collect How we use information Our information sharing practices Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices How you may access some of the information you provide to us We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices . If you have any questions about this notice , please contact our Customer Service department :  By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Via e-mail at privacy.master @ macys.com Your access of and use of our web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal Notice . We collect information from a variety of sources , including information provided by you , information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores and information we collect about you from third party sources . The following are examples of the types of information we may collect : Information you provide : Name Address ( billing and shipping ) Zip code e-mail address Telephone number ( s ) Mobile number ( s ) Credit card number ( s ) Birth date Password Information associated with use of our Web site : macys.com uses the information gathered from cookies and web beacons , such as IP address to enhance your experience on our Web site . Information associated with doing business with Macy 's : Transaction information , including : Items purchased Date and time of your transaction Information from third party sources : We may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier . Back to Top We may use the information we collect to process a transaction , provide the products or services you request , to improve our Web site and stores , to enhance your shopping experience , and for marketing and promotional purposes . We may combine information about you that we collect on-line , in our stores , via mobile applications , and from third party sources . Cookies and Other Technologies on macys.com This section addresses macys.com use of cookies and Flash Cookies . A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer 's browser . A web beacon ( also known as tracking pixels or clear GIF ) is an embedded image on a Web site that monitors a Web site 's activity . At macys.com , we use two kinds of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies . Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open . We use session cookies , for example , to add items to your shopping bag . Persistent cookies last from visit to visit ; they do not go away when you exit your browser . At macys.com , we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to help you navigate our Web site more efficiently . For example , we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed . Managing cookies preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information . If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from macys.com , please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site . If you block cookies from macys.com , you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site . A Flash Cookie ( also known as Local Shared Object ) is a data file stored on your computer by the web sites that you visit ( click here for more details ) . From time to time , macys.com uses Flash Cookie ( s ) on the web site , for example , to enable or control Flash-based content . Flash Cookies provide similar functionality as the cookies ( discussed above in this section ) , but are based on different technology and are persistent . To manage the Flash Cookie settings and preferences for your computer , please click here and you will be directed to the Settings Manager on Adobe 's web site . You may also be able to manage Flash Cookies from your browser , depending on the version of your browser . Back to Top We may share your information within Macy 's , Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries ( including Bloomingdale 's ) . We may also share your information with third parties with whom we have relationship ( to opt-out of third party sharing please click here ) . For example :  Internally When you make a purchase , we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction . Externally We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you . Coremetrics We work with a third party company , Coremetrics , to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site . The information that we collect through cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our Web site , what you purchased , and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site . Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from macys.com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection . We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics . Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us . Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence . For more information , please view the Coremetrics privacy policy . To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior , please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice . Back to Top E-mail : To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from macys.com , you may : Unsubscribe by signing into your account on macys.com , clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference . Use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by macys.com . Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Note : It may take up to 10 business days to process your request . Mobile Marketing : To opt-out of mobile marketing , you may :  Reply STOP to any macys.com text message on your mobile phone/wireless device . Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 By phone at 1.888.529.2254 Note : Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request . We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes . Direct Mail or Telemarketing : To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls , you may :  Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state one of the following : " NO MAIL OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive offers by mail ) " NO PHONE OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive offers by phone ) ; or " NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS " ( if you do n't want to receive either ) By phone at 1.888.529.2254 . Note : Because listings often are prepared well in advance ( 12-16 weeks , in many cases ) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request . Third Party Sharing : If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes , you can :  Contact us : By mail at : Macy 's Credit and Customer Services ATTN : Privacy Office P.O . Box 8215 , Mason , OH 45040 If you choose to write to us , please include your name , address , phone number , and last 4 digits of your Macy 's proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number ( if you have one ) and state " NO THIRD PARTY SHARING " in your request . By phone at 1.888.529.2254 . Online Behavioral Advertising : Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant , targeted advertising of interest to you . Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising . If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising , please click here . Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative . If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from macys.com ; however , these ads may not be as relevant to you . Coremetrics : As a macys.com user , you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics ' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously . Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select , with respect to Coremetrics , on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices . Back to Top If you are a registered user of macys.com , you can update your information in My Account . If you have questions about your order , you may check your order status online in My Order . If you have any additional questions , please call our Customer Service department at 1.888.529.2254 . If you are an international customer , and want to access your information , please click here . The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 ( for example - name , address , e-mail address , social security number , etc. )  Our policy is not to collect any personal information on any person under 13 . For this reason , our online sweepstakes , e-mail and mobile sign ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13 . If this policy changes , macys.com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act , which includes providing notice and choice to each child 's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information . Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 , California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates ' direct marketing purposes . That notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information . If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the following address : Macy 's Customer Service , P.O . Box 8067 , Mason , OH 45040 . In your request , please specify that you want a " Your Macy 's California Privacy Rights Notice. "  Please allow 30 days for a response . To fill international orders , macys.com partners with Borderfree , Inc. ( formerly FiftyOne ) . Borderfree will carefully process your personal information with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles established by the U.S. Department of Commerce . Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments . When you indicate you are shipping internationally , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by Borderfree . On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to Borderfree to complete your order . Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from macys.com . Borderfree will notify macys.com of the approval of your order , and macys.com will then ship approved orders to Borderfree . Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you . In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record . When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions . You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered . Once you agree that Borderfree may share your personal information with macys.com , that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States . We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles . We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce , the European Union and Switzerland that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance . macys.com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy . If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated , based on the Safe Harbor Principles , macys.com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint . Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts , will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules . International Centre for Dispute Resolution A Division of the American Arbitration Association 1101 Laurel Oak Road , Suite 100 Voorhees , NJ 08043 Phone : 856-435-6401 E-mail box : casefiling @ adr.org Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact macys.com to :  Inquire about or update their personal information Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information Comment on or ask questions regarding this notice Please e-mail us at internationalprivacy @ macys.com . was this answer helpful ? Print | Email other helpful answers Highlights of Macy 's , Inc . Notice of Privacy Practices Legal Notice Our Products : Product Recalls Pricing Policy for Online Merchandise Credit Card Privacy Policy 
The Home Depot values and respects the privacy of its customers and visitors . The purpose of this Privacy and Security Statement is to provide you with information about how The Home Depot collects , uses , and shares the information we collect from our customers and visitors . It also describes the choices you can make about our use of your information . Our collection efforts are designed to improve the shopping experience of our customers and to provide customers relevant information about our products , services , and promotions . About this Policy Information We Collect How Information is Collected How We Use Information Information Sharing Your Privacy Preferences Our Sites and Children Your California Privacy Rights Security Links More Questions ? Changes to this Privacy and Security Statement Our Tracking Techniques My Account Registration and Use This Privacy and Security Statement describes the privacy practices of The Home Depot , Inc. and its subsidiaries , divisions , affiliates , brands and other The Home Depot companies ( " The Home Depot " , our , or we ) . It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors , including , but not limited to :  Use of our websites , including mobile websites Visits to our stores or attendance at one of our events Use of our applications for mobile phones , tablets or other smart devices Phone and email communications Social media interactions on our websites and other third party websites like Facebook , YouTube and Twitter Viewing our online advertisements or emails This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the practices of The Home Depot Canada , The Home Depot Mexico , Home Decorators Collection , or Red Beacon . The privacy policy for Canada is www.homedepot.ca/privacy . The privacy policy for Mexico is http : //www.homedepot.com.mx/comprar/es/torres/AvisodePrivacidad . The privacy policy for Home Decorators Collection is www.homedecorators.com/privacy . The privacy policy for Red Beacon is www.redbeacon.com/about/privacy . Also , this policy does not apply to third-party websites accessible through our websites . Contact information We may collect the names and user names of our customers and other visitors . Additionally , we may collect your purchase history , billing and shipping addresses , phone numbers , email addresses , and other digital contact information . We may also collect information that you provide us about others . Payment information When you make a purchase we collect your payment information , including information from your credit or debit card , check , PayPal account or gift card . If you apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan , we might collect information related to your application . Returns information When you return a product to our stores or request a refund or exchange , we may collect information from you and ask you to provide your government issued ID . We use the information we collect from you and capture off of your government issued ID to help prevent fraud . To learn more about our Returns Policy , click here . Demographic information We may collect information about products or services you like , reviews you submit , or where you shop . We might also collect information like your age or gender . Location information If you use our mobile websites or applications , we may collect location data obtained from your mobile device 's GPS . If you use our websites , we may collect location data obtained from your IP address . We use this location data to find our nearest store to you , product availability at our stores near you and driving directions to our stores . Other information If you use our websites , we may collect information about the browser you are using . We might track the pages you visit , look at what website you came from , or what website you visit when you leave us . We collect this information using the tracking tools described here . To control those tools , please read the Your Privacy Preferences section . We collect information directly from you . The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you :  During website or survey registration In connection with an online or in-store purchase If you use an online forum , submit a question or answer to our Product Q & A or provide us with comments or reviews If you upload a photo or other digital content through one of our websites or applications If you register for a loyalty program or apply for a The Home Depot credit card or a home improvement loan If you participate in a sweepstakes , contest , clinic or workshop If you rent equipment or vehicles or request warranty or other information If you return a product or use a rebate If you request we send you an electronic copy of your in-store receipt In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites . For example , when you use the features of our My Account tool like Express Checkout , Address Book , My Lists , My Project Guides , etc . We collect information from you passively . We may use tracking tools like browser cookies , flash cookies , and web beacons . To learn more about these tools and how you can control them , click here . We collect information from other sources . We may get information about you from third party business partners , like an updated address from a shipping vendor . We may collect information about you from a friend . For example , if your friend purchases something for us to send to you . We collect information from Affiliates of The Home Depot . We may get information about you from a company controlled by , or under common control with , The Home Depot ( our Affiliates ) . We use the information we collect for our business purposes , including : To respond to your questions and requests . Examples include : Fulfilling orders or providing services Entering you into a sweepstakes or sending you prizes you might have won Registering you for a particular website , loyalty program , or extended warranty service or providing you with information regarding such programs or services Processing a return ( to learn more about our Returns Policy , click here ) Responding to a product or service review To improve our products and services . We may use your information to make website or product and service improvements . To look at website trends and customer interests . We might use your information to customize your experience with us . We may also combine information we get from you with information about you we have received from third parties to assess trends and interests . For security purposes . We may use your information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites . For example , we might use cameras in our stores to track store traffic or our stock . For our marketing . In certain circumstances , we may send you communications about special The Home Depot promotions or offers . For example , if you have registered on a website and indicated you want to receive this information or if you gave us your information in one of our stores . We may also notify you of new website features or product and service offerings . If permitted , we may also send information about offers from our Affiliates and other companies we think you might find interesting . To manage our communications with you , follow the instructions in the Your Privacy Preferences section below . To communicate with you about your account or our relationship . We may contact you to tell you about changes to this Privacy and Security Statement , the Terms of Use of our websites or mobile applications , or changes to any of our programs in which you might be enrolled . We may also tell you about issues with your orders or if there is a product recall . For other uses we may disclose to you . We may share your information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted , including : With third parties who perform services on our behalf . We share information with our service providers , such as our delivery service providers who ship and deliver your online orders . We might also authorize our service providers to collect information on our behalf . Some service providers may be located outside of the United States . We might also share information with the vendors and manufacturers of our products and services to respond to your reviews and questions . To offer financial products . We use service providers to offer financial products , such as The Home Depot credit card and home improvement loans . We may share personal information about our consumers with these service providers in order to provide you with tailored information about products and services and special offers . These service providers also have their own privacy statements that set out the manner in which they will collect , use and disclose personal information . We encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your application for such financial products . To provide extended warranty services . If you purchase a The Home Depot Extended Warranty Service you will be required to provide information such as your name and address to our warranty service providers . While these service providers are limited by contract in the way they may use your information to provide The Home Depot Extended Warranty Services , we encourage you to review each service provider 's privacy statement at the time you submit your personal information for such services . Data Sharing for Catalog Mailings . We may share your name , address and transactional information about products you have purchased from our catalogs with third party companies so that you may receive future catalog offerings about products and services that may be of interest to you . If you prefer not to have your information shared with third party companies for this purpose , please see the section below entitled Your Privacy Preferences . With any successor to all or part of our business . For example , if all or part of our business is sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction . If we think we have to in order to comply with the law . For example , we will disclose information to respond to a court order or subpoena . We may also disclose information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it . With our business partners . For example , we might share information with one of our Affiliates or a business partner who is running a joint promotion with us or who provides a product or service in partnership with us . To protect us . For example , we will disclose information if we suspect fraud . We will also share information as part of an investigation . At your direction . For example , if you ask us to provide your information to a third-party to facilitate the resolution of a dispute . You can register or change your preferences to receive or not receive marketing communications from us by clicking www.homedepot.com/privacypreferences or emailing us . Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed . Even if you opt out of receiving marketing messages , we may still contact you for transactional purposes like confirming or following up on an order or service request , asking you to review a product or service you have ordered , or notifying you of product recalls . If you later opt back into getting marketing communications from us , we will remove your information from our opt-out databases . Registered website users can update their information at the Your Account section of our website . If you are not a registered website user , you can contact us by email . To manage how we use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here . Our websites and mobile applications are not created for children . To our knowledge we do not collect information online from children under 18 . If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child , please email customercare @ homedepot.com . To learn more about how to protect your child online , visit the FTC 's www.OnGuardOnline.gov . You may also want to read the helpful information about children and privacy that the FTC provides by clicking here . If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes . We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information . You can make a request one time each year . To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below . Mention in your letter that you are making a " California Shine the Light " inquiry . We will respond within 30 days . When you place orders on our websites , all of your order information , including your credit card number and delivery address , is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology . SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server . SSL technology , an industry standard , is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our websites from capturing and viewing your personal information . While we use industry standard means to protect our websites and your information , the Internet is not 100 % secure . The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect . We can not promise that your use of our websites or mobile applications will be completely safe . We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet . Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select . We strongly recommend that you do not share your password . Our websites contain links to third party websites . If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control . This Privacy and Security Statement does not apply to the information practices of those websites . You should read the privacy policies of other websites carefully . We are not responsible for third party websites . If you have additional questions you can call us at 1-800-553-3199 , fax us at 1-877-496-9470 , or reach us by email at thdCustomerCare @ homedepot.com . You can write to us at :  The Home Depot Attention : Privacy Official Customer Care 2455 Paces Ferry Road Atlanta , GA 30339-4024 Effective Date : January 1 , 2004 Last Revision Date : March 20 , 2013 From time to time we may change our privacy policies . We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy and Security Statement by posting an updated copy on our website . Please check our website periodically for updates . Tracking Tools We Use We or our vendors use several common online tracking tools . These may include browser and flash cookies . We may also use web beacons and similar technologies . We use these tools : To track new visitors to our websites . To recognize returning customers . To store your password if you are registered on our website . To provide you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested . As part of this customization , we may observe your behaviors on this website or on other websites . We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners and vendors . So we can better understand our audience , our customers , our website visitors , and their respective interests . Controlling Our Tracking Tools Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies . How you do so depends on the type of cookie . Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies . To control flash cookies , click here . Why ? Because flash cookies can not be controlled through your browser settings . If you configure your computer to block cookies , you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our websites . Controlling Online Interest-Based Ads We sometimes work with online advertising vendors to provide you with relevant and useful ads . This may include ads served on our websites or mobile applications . This may also include ads served on other companies ' websites . These ads may be based on information collected by us or third parties . For example , information a third party collects when you register for a website , like your zip code . This might be used to target an ad for people in your area . These ads may also be based on your activities on our websites or on third party websites . To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes , click here . My Account registration is an optional service provided by our website . You do not have to register to browse or shop online . When you register , you are asked for personal information such as your name , address , phone number , email address , and a username and password that you select . You may also optionally provide information regarding your interests and home improvement projects or register your credit cards . This information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier , by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information . 
Effective September 2013 This web site or application ( " Site " ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee . At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it . If you have questions or would like further information on this topic , please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site . Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy . You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here :  Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time . Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes . If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law . Get answers and information about :  What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ? What Information Do We Share and with Whom ? Can I Disable Cookies ? How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ? What About Links to Other Sites ? Interest-Based Ads Online Advertisements Is My Information Secure ? How Can I Access My Information ? Can I " Opt-Out " of Receiving Promotional E-mails ? Where Is My Information Stored ? How May I Contact You ? We may collect personally identifiable information ( " PII " - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site . We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Sites other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content . We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User ) and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Sites social networking features ; or provide you with other services . Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts . We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns . We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter . This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account . Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) . Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that sites own privacy policy . This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed . We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site . By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friends name and email address . We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location . Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies . We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you . For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location . Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site . Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags . Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer . We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click . This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience . This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you . We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy . The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so . Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher . We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information . We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site . You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials . Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) . Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site . In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents . Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes . We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities . There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain . Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored . Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function . We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations . If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel . You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to " information " on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) . Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content . If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites . This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act . This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites . You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII . This Site may display ads from other companies . We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites . Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity . For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you . Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf . If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page . The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members . See http : //www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page . You may also visit http : //www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies . If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process . In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII . While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII . Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards . You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member . By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events . Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site . Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature . From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages . If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail . Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc. ) . Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country . This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us . 
Privacy Policy Last revised June 5 , 2013 Our Commitment to Privacy Gap Inc. and our brands , which include but are not limited to Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta ( collectively , " Gap Inc. " ) , value our customers and respect your privacy . We collect information about you in our stores and through our websites in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products , services , contests and promotions . As described in this policy , we may share your information among our brands and , under certain circumstances , with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service . For Athleta customers only , we may share your postal address and shopping history with like-minded third parties for their direct mail marketing purposes as described below . This policy describes the personal information we collect about you , why we collect it , how we use it , and when we share it with third parties . Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information . If our information practices change , we will post an updated policy on our website . You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above . If we change the policy in a material way , we will provide appropriate notice to you . You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time . If you have any questions about our privacy policy , please contact us as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Privacy Policy What kind of information does Gap Inc. collect ? How does Gap Inc. use my information ? Does Gap Inc. share my information ? How do I access or change my information ? How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ? How do I stop receiving Athleta catalogs ? How does Gap Inc. protect kids ' privacy ? How does Gap Inc. use cookies and other tracking technologies ? How is my information used for behavioral or interest-based advertising ? How do I know my personal information is secure ? What is " phishing " ? I received a suspicious email from a Gap Inc. brand regarding an order I did not place . What should I do ? I responded to an online job posting for a Gap Inc. job that requires me to upload personal financial information . Is this part of your hiring process ? What about links to other websites ? How do I contact you ? Your California Privacy Rights We may collect personal information from you , such as your name , email address , postal address , phone number , credit card number , gender , birthday , personal interests , etc. , when you visit one of our websites or stores , place an order online or by phone , make an in-store purchase , save your information with us online , contact us with a question or concern , or participate in a contest , promotion , or survey . We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone and in our stores . We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners , from unrelated third parties , and from our other brands . back to top We may use your personal information in the following ways : To process and fulfill your order , including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment To communicate with you and to send you information by email , postal mail , telephone , text message , or other means about our products , services , contests , and promotions , unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions To help us learn more about your shopping preferences To help us address problems with and improve our site design , products and services To enhance your shopping experience To analyze trends and statistics To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business To contact you if necessary You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls . For instructions on opting out , please see the section entitled , " How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications ? " , below . back to top We may share your personal information in the following ways : When you provide personal information to one of our Gap Inc. brands ( Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , Athleta or Intermix ) , we may share that information with our other Gap Inc. brands . If you purchase Athleta brand products through our website or by placing a catalog order by phone or mail , we may share your name , postal address , and shopping history with like-minded organizations whose privacy policies meet the Direct Marketing Association 's privacy standards , for their direct mail marketing purposes . We do not share email addresses for such purposes . We also do not share personal information about customers who only browse , email comments , request a catalog , or request email updates , or who purchase only Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , or Intermix merchandise . If you would prefer that we not share information about you with other companies , please let us know by contacting Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . We may share your information with our service providers who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf , such as fulfilling promotions , sending communications to our customers , conducting surveys , etc . We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information . We may share your information when we team up with another company to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions to our customers . We may share information about you if necessary , in our good faith judgment , to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena , order , or government request , or to protect the rights of Gap Inc. or others . In addition , if you choose to participate in any third-party scrip , loyalty , or similar program in which a Gap Inc. brand is a participating vendor , and you authorize Gap Inc. or our credit card processor to provide information about your purchases to the company administering the program , we will share your personal information with that program . Scrip programs allow you to instruct us to divert a percentage of the amount you spend on Gap Inc. purchases to participating schools and other non-profit organizations . Loyalty programs allow you to earn " points " on purchases at Gap Inc. brands , which you may then use toward certain rewards offered by the loyalty programs in which you participate . The information you authorize us to disclose to the third-party scrip or loyalty program may include your credit card number and the date and amount of your purchase , and may also include your name and other information you have asked us to provide . Please note that once we disclose this information , the scrip or loyalty company may use and share it with others in accordance with its own privacy policy . You should review these policies carefully , as we have no control over them . In the unlikely event of a sale or merger of Gap Inc. or any of our businesses , our customers ' personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets . back to top You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites ( such as your name and contact information ) . To access your information at a Gap Inc. website , simply sign in to your account using your email address and password , and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile . You can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request . back to top Gap Inc. and our brands , including Gap , Banana Republic , Old Navy , Gap Outlet , Banana Republic Factory Store , Piperlime , and Athleta , want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us . If you prefer not to receive promotional information , such as information about special offers and sales events , from one or more of our brands , you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from the Gap Inc. brand . If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists , we will maintain your name in a " do not contact " file to ensure that we can honor your request . It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request , during which period you may continue to receive communications from Gap Inc . If you change your mind , you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences , by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or by contacting customer service . Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email . We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order . back to top If you no longer wish to receive Athleta catalogs or wish to alert us to duplicate mailings , please contact Athleta customer service as described in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . Please provide your exact name , postal address , and email address so that your request can be effectively processed . It may take up to 90 days in order for your information to be completely removed from our list . To learn more about your rights as a consumer and to receive less national advertising mail , please visit the Direct Marketing Association at http : //www.dmachoice.org/ . back to top Gap Inc. is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet . We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent . Our websites are general audience sites and are not targeted to or intended for use by children . back to top Our websites use " cookies , " which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website . Cookies enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience . For example , we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features , remember the items in your shopping cart , store your preferences , recognize you when you return to our website , track your orders , and monitor and maintain information about your use of our websites . Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorized us to provide your personal information . ( See the section entitled , " Does Gap Inc. share my information ? " , above. )  We may also use our own cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other websites . To opt out of this targeted online advertising that utilizes our cookies , please click here . Please see the section below to learn more about behavioral or interest based online advertising that uses third party tracking technologies . You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it . If you do not accept cookies , however , you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites . We also use " pixel tags " ( also called " web beacons " or " clear gifs " ) , which are tiny graphic images , on our websites and in our emails . Pixel tags help us analyze our customers ' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising . We work with service providers that help us track , collect , and analyze this information . Pixel tags on our sites may be used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites . This information may include your computer 's Internet protocol ( IP ) address , your browser type , your operating system , date and time information , and other technical information about your computer . We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site . We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites . Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages , such as when you receive , open , or click a link in an email message from us . We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from and about you . This information may be used to improve our websites , to personalize your online experience , to tailor our communications with you , to determine the effectiveness of our advertising , and for other internal business purposes . back to top We work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies ( including cookies and pixel tags ) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet . These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications . For more information about this practice and to understand your options , please visit http : //www.aboutads.info . back to top We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience . We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information . When you enter your personal information on our websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us . To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser . If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active . To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser . If you have accessed a secure server , the first characters of the address in that line should change from " http " to " https. "  If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at any of our websites , please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled , " How do I contact you ? " , below . back to top " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your personal information . If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information , do not respond . We will never request your password , user name , credit card information or other personal information through email . back to top We are aware of phony emails sent out under our brand names . These emails did not originate from Gap Inc. , and individuals who received fraudulent order status emails have not been charged . For your protection , do not click links or open any files attached to suspicious , unsolicited emails . If you believe your personal computer has been compromised as a result of the scam , please consult an IT professional . For more information , contact the FBI 's Internet Crimes Complaint Center : http : //www.ic3.gov/default.aspx . We work with law enforcement on their investigations of these kinds of fraudulent emails . back to top No . Gap Inc. does not ask prospective job applicants for information about their bank accounts , credit history or passwords to financial accounts . If you are asked for personal financial or security information in response to a job application , this is likely a fraudulent job listing hosted by spammers posing as Gap Inc. to mislead job applicants . You can validate all Gap Inc. job postings on gapinc.com/careers . Spammers also create phony aliases such as thegap-usa.com to mimic our company and/or brand names in an effort to commit identity theft or other forms of fraud . If you receive this type of suspicious email activity , please alert the FBI 's Internet Crimes Complaint Center : http : //www.ic3.gov/default.aspx back to top For your convenience and information , our websites may contain links to other sites , which may have privacy policies that differ from our own . We are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked site . We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site that you access through our sites . back to top For questions about our privacy policy , to make choices about receiving promotional communications , to update your personal information , or to place an order , you can contact any of our Gap Inc. brands by email , telephone , or postal mail :  Gap Customer Services 5930 Gap Online Drive Groveport , OH 43195-0002 1-800-GAPSTYLE ( 1-800-427-7895 ) 1-888-906-1104 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ gap.com Banana Republic Customer Services 5900 North Meadows Drive Grove City , OH 43123-8476 1-888-BR STYLE ( 1-888-277-8953 ) 1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ bananarepublic.com Old Navy Customer Services 200 Old Navy Lane Grove City , OH 43123-8605 1-800-OLD-NAVY ( 1-800-653-6289 ) 1-800-449-4253 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ oldnavy.com Piperlime Customer Care 5900 Piperlime Lane Grove City , OH 43123 1-877-PIPERLIME ( 1-877-747-3754 ) 1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired ) customercare @ piperlime.com Athleta Customer Services 5900 North Meadows Drive Grove City , OH 43123 1-877-3ATHLETA ( 1-877-328-4538 ) 1-888-906-1345 ( TDD hearing impaired ) custserv @ athleta.com back to top California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Gap Inc. who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . To make such a request , please write to us at the following address :  Gap Inc. - California Privacy Rights Legal Department 2 Folsom Street San Francisco , CA 94105 
Welcome to Nordstrom . As a customer of the Nordstrom family of companies , your trust is our most important asset . We take the protection and proper use of your personal information seriously and are committed to protecting your personal information in our possession . In order to preserve your trust , we want you to understand what personal information we may collect from you , how we use such information , and the choices you have regarding our use of this information . In this policy , " personal information " means any information by which you can be identified or contacted , such as your name ( first and last ) , address ( city , state , zip ) , e-mail address , telephone number , etc . This Privacy Policy governs your experience in our US stores and on this website unless otherwise indicated . We collect personal information when communicating or interacting with you through Nordstrom.com , our stores or the Nordstrom family of companies . Some examples include :  registering for a shopping account , Wish List or Product Review account on our website when you request that merchandise be sent to you or others , make purchases or returns with us , place an order with us online , via phone , mail , e-mail or fax , or request an e-receipt fulfilling orders you place and delivering packages requesting a catalog or other content and communications from us or when offering recommendations to you subscribing to Nordstrom.com E-mail Updates ( our e-mail newsletter ) or other communications from us or managing your preferences with us applying for an account with us your Financial Account numbers when transacting with us interacting with our websites or mobile sites , mobile applications and services when you participate in any of our programs such as contests , sweepstakes , surveys , loyalty programs , wedding programs etc. when you apply for employment which may include your social security number or social insurance number working with our salespeople who assist you with your fashion needs and purchases through communications with you , or through the Nordstrom family of companies contacting us with a comment , question or complaint We may also collect personal information about you from other third parties , such as demographic firms , to make our future service and marketing efforts more efficient and personalized for you . We may combine all information we collect and we may disclose this information within our corporate family of companies or our service providers . When you visit our websites we may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files . This information may include Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses or other device identifiers , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , location , date/time stamp and clickstream data . We use the personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products , services and experience . We may collect and use your information to provide you products and services , notify you of product recalls or safety issues , process and respond to your application for current or future career opportunities , process membership requests when you apply or otherwise administer your participation in our programs , to respond to your comments , questions or complaints , determine your satisfaction with our programs and service , to personalize your experiences , if you ask us to , send you marketing communications and other information you have chosen to receive regarding our products , services , marketing or special events . We also use your personal information for our everyday business purposes such as payment processing , analytics , fraud prevention , reporting , making back-ups and legal compliance . To best serve you , we may share your personal information with other members of the Nordstrom family of companies and with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services , administer our programs , operations , fulfill your requests , surveys , contests , sweepstakes and product reviews , or provide you with membership information . Service providers , third parties who perform services on our behalf , are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from Nordstrom . We may also , in certain instances , disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you , contact you , to advise you of a product recall , detect and protect you or us from fraud , manage information security or bring legal action to protect your rights or the rights of Nordstrom or others . We may also disclose your personal information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required or permitted by law . One of our most valuable tools we have for building and maintaining our relationship with you is Personal Book . It allows us to better serve you in a number of ways , including keeping you informed on when your alterations , repairs , or your favorite brands or product will arrive , and notifying you about sales , special appearances and store events or promotions of interest to you . To best serve you , we record and access information in Personal Book , including your name , address , telephone numbers , e-mail address , interests , privacy preferences and purchase history . All Nordstrom Salespeople are expected to use Personal Book in an ethical and appropriate manner . This includes only entering accurate customer information , voluntarily given by you to the Salesperson , for the specific purpose of entering it into Personal Book or any other Nordstrom-approved data device . Personal Book allows our Salespeople to follow through on our commitment to serving you in a professional manner , and we are dedicated to ensuring that the information you provide is protected and secure . Personal Book is the property of Nordstrom and may be used for Nordstrom-related purposes only . Nordstrom offers mobile applications ( commonly known as " apps " ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about store events , or receive other information from Nordstrom . All personal information collected by Nordstrom via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy . Although you do not have to provide your location information to Nordstrom to use our mobile applications , our store-specific services such as find-an-item require a zip code to function . You may manually enter a zip code and we will save your zip code ( s ) for future reference . Alternatively , when you download our mobile application , you may choose to allow it to obtain your precise location from your mobile device when you click the " near me " button . In this case , we will determine your zip code from the precise location data received from your mobile device . We do not store precise location data ; we only store the zip code associated with the location . We may also update our mobile applications to offer automatic ( or " push " ) notifications . We will provide push notifications only to those customers who opt-in to receive such notifications from Nordstrom . If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings . In the future , we may offer updated or enhanced versions of our mobile applications that include additional features created by us or using third party functionality . Our applications or the third party may automatically collect information about your precise location from your device , but only if you allow it . Our website uses " cookie " and " web beacon " technology . We use cookies and web beacons to identify your device , provide website user authentication , conduct fraud prevention and management services , distinguish you from other visitors , record your IP address and understand your use of our site , and identify the name of the Web site from which you linked to Nordstrom . This information is used for fulfilling contracts with our business partners , and to help us serve you better by improving our website design , as well as our products , services , and promotions . We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites . Information obtained through cookies and web beacons may be shared with or obtained by service providers on our behalf . More information is available under Third-Party Advertising Partners . A cookie is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website . A " session cookie " expires immediately when you end your session ( i.e. , close your browser ) . A " persistent cookie " stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date , the cookie information is still available . A web beacon is a small string of code that represents a clear graphic image and is used in conjunction with a cookie . When you visit our website , we may use both a session and a persistent cookie . This Nordstrom-placed cookie may contain information ( such as a unique user ID ) that is used to track your usage of our website and in some cases , your e-mail address . Your e-mail address is only saved in this Nordstrom-placed cookie if you register with us . A web beacon allows us to capture certain additional types of information about a visitor 's actions on a web site , such as a visitor 's cookie number , the time , date , duration and number of page views , a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed , and details about any items that were purchased . If you register with us , this Nordstrom-placed cookie allows us to recognize you when you return to our website and provides you with access to your account information . If you save your information with or order from us , we may also use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our website . If you have not saved your information with or ordered from us , we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our website in a manner that does not identify you . You can disable cookies at any time by using your browser options ; however , if you turn off cookies , we will not be able to track your order or enable you to make a purchase from our website . In addition , we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user to allow you access to your account information . We may use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies . A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded by you to your computer . We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings . Flash cookies may help our website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys . They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers . We do not use Flash cookies for marketing or behavioral targeting purposes . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies . Learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies . If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable . We use third-party service providers to serve advertisements ( banners or links ) on our behalf across the Internet . These service providers may collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website , and your interaction with our products and services . Such non-identifiable information is anonymous and does not include your name , address , e-mail address or other personal information . The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag ( also known as cookies and action tags ) , which is industry-standard technology used by most major websites . In addition to the anonymous information about your visits to our website , our service providers may also use the anonymous information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from Nordstrom . Currently , we use third party-placed tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partner : TellApart . In the future we may partner with other companies to provide interest-based advertising , both on and off Nordstrom.com . If this occurs , Nordstrom provides you with an opportunity to opt out when these advertisements are served . You may manage your third-party advertising preferences by clicking here . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices for not having this anonymous information used by third-party service providers , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp We may display interest-based ads to you when you are using Facebook through a tool offered by Facebook called the Custom Audience Tool . This tool allows us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us . We do not share any of your personal information , including your shopping history , with Facebook . The tool lets Nordstrom convert your e-mail address to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers Facebook generates from e-mail addresses of its users . You may opt-out of Facebook Custom Audience ads from Nordstrom by clicking here . Nordstrom invites you to socialize and share your fashion inspiration , finds and purchases with your friends using Social Media tools such as Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest and Instagram . If you choose to use these tools , you may be sharing certain profile elements , including your comments . This sharing is subject to each social media program 's privacy policies . We also use Facebook Social Plugins to allow Facebook to share information and friends ' activities with its members while they are on our website . For example , Social Plugins allow Facebook to show you and your friends ' " Likes " on our product pages if you are logged into Facebook while shopping at Nordstrom.com . Nordstrom does not receive or control any of the content from Facebook Social Plugins . To remove a Facebook " Like " through Nordstrom , place your cursor in the " grayed out " Like button and click on the " X " that appears . This removes the " Like " from your Facebook Page , as well as from Nordstrom 's websites . You can also delete comments made while at Nordstrom.com from your Facebook Page . For more information about Facebook Social Plugins and other social media tools , click here . We may allow you to sign in to your Nordstrom.com account using Facebook Connect . If you choose to do this , we may collect information necessary to facilitate social interactions such as friend lists , birthday , check-ins , basic profile information and your profile picture but only if the privacy settings you and your friends set within Facebook allow it . We will use the information we collect to create and facilitate an interactive social experience and to bring you products , services and programs from Nordstrom . Nordstrom will always comply both with its privacy policy as well as with Facebook Connect terms regarding use of Facebook profile information . Websites provided by the Nordstrom family of companies may include links to other Internet sites , content , or videos ( embedded or direct links ) maintained by third parties ( 'Linked Sites ' ) . Nordstrom provides Linked Sites to you solely as a convenience , and the inclusion of Linked Sites does not imply endorsement by Nordstrom of the Linked Sites . You access Linked Sites at your own risk and by accessing them you leave Nordstrom 's website . Linked Sites are not under the control of Nordstrom and Nordstrom is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site , including the privacy policies or tracking technologies they may use . We encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy to determine how they will handle any personally identifying information they collect from you . To update us with your preferences , you may contact us using one of the following methods : Call 1-866-554-6591 , or E-mail privacy @ nordstrom.com , or Send your request to Nordstrom Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111 Please note your preference as stated below : " I prefer not to receive e-mail advertisements , such as updates regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events. "  ( You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all Nordstrom.com e-mail advertisements to be removed from future e-mail updates. )  " I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements , such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services , special promotions or upcoming events. "  ( Please note that direct mail requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective. )  " I prefer not to receive marketing phone calls such as special events , special appearances , or promotions or new product arrivals from my salesperson or the company. "  To update your Wish List privacy settings , you may select " Private " ( not searchable ) to protect your Wish List information from being publicly searched on our site or you may select " Public " ( searchable ) . To protect your privacy , we initially set your Wish List account to a " Private " setting . We respect your need to be able to access and update the personal information that you have provided to us . If you have registered online , you may access and update your personal information at any time by logging into your account . You may also request access and update your personal information by e-mail or writing to the Nordstrom Privacy Office at the contact information set out below ( subject to certain exceptions and as prescribed by law ) . We may request certain personal information to verify the identity of the individual seeking access to their personal information records . California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or with corporate affiliates ( such as Nordstrom Bank , and HauteLook ) for those entities direct marketing purposes . Nordstrom does not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes . If you want to request a notice or have any questions about Nordstrom privacy practices , please contact us at privacy @ nordstrom.com . Nordstrom will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent . If you are under 13 years old please do not provide your information on our website . If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Nordstrom for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files . We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information transmitted to us using this website . To help guard your information , our website uses Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Nordstrom is able to decode your information . Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information . To be sure your connection is secure , look at the bottom status bar of your browser window . If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending on your browser ) the SSL is active and your information is secure . Most browsers offer additional security alerts as well . If for some reason you are unable to connect to our secure server , please call us toll free at 1-888-282-6060 . We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Nordstrom and their issuing bank or credit card company . Additionally , we are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect personal information in their online accounts , including the following :  Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses Reset your e-mail account password Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters ) Do not use the same password on more than one website Do not share your password with others Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal Visit these additional resources : http : //www.us-cert.gov/cas/tips/ http : //www.microsoft.com/security/pc-security/protect-pc.aspx http : //www.clarkhoward.com/news/clark-howard/technology/clark-howards-virus-spyware-and-malware-protection/nFZJ/ You may come in contact with websites , e-mails or texts that try to lure you into providing personal information with the offer of a Nordstrom gift card . Nordstrom does not sponsor these offers nor are we affiliated with the promotion originators . If you become aware of any potentially fraudulent activity on a website or in an e-mail or text , please forward the information to onlinefraud @ nordstrom.com or call us at 1-888-282-6060 so that we can follow up . We take these matters , and the protection of our customers ' sensitive information , very seriously . View our Fraud Alerts page . Nordstrom and its third party service providers may process or store your personal information outside of the United States or Canada and other countries . In accordance with the laws of those countries , in certain circumstances your personal information may be accessible by foreign law enforcement , regulatory bodies or other authorities . For more information of our use of foreign service providers please contact us as described below . Protecting the privacy and security of Nordstrom customer information is a top priority for Nordstrom . In some cases , Nordstrom partners with outside vendors to help facilitate transactions . When that is the case , we work closely with the vendor to ensure that the transaction is appropriately handled and all the information you provide is treated with the utmost care . To sell and fulfill online purchases that customers choose to ship internationally , Nordstrom partners with Borderfree , Inc . ( " Borderfree " ) . We have contracted with Borderfree to assure that they will carefully process your personal information , with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission . Borderfree also agrees not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for executing international shipping orders . When you identify your Nordstrom.com order as being shipped internationally , Nordstrom will facilitate your secure Checkout transaction with Borderfree . On the Checkout page you will be required to submit credit card and personal information ( name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address and phone number ) to Borderfree to complete your order . Once you place your order , you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from Nordstrom . Upon completion of your order , Borderfree will notify Nordstrom of the approval of your order , and Nordstrom will then ship approved orders to Borderfree . Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you . In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record . When ordering a product , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product ( s ) you ordered . Once you have agreed that Borderfree may share your data collected from their page with Nordstrom , that data is protected by the Nordstrom Privacy Policy . Any personal information you provide directly to Nordstrom while on Nordstrom.com is controlled and processed by Nordstrom , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 . Any personal information provided at Checkout is controlled and processed by Borderfree , 55 West 39th Street , 18th Floor , New York , New York 10018 . If you choose to provide Nordstrom with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States . Nordstrom adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority . We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Nordstrom privacy program assessments . Nordstrom has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles , as has Borderfree . For more information about the Safe Harbor , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website . While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect personal information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles . Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update personal information or change marketing preferences , or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods :  Send an e-mail to intl_privacy @ nordstrom.com , or Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Nordstrom commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information . European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Nordstrom using one of the following methods :  Send an e-mail to intl_privacy @ nordstrom.com , or Call our international privacy customer line at 206-233-5678 , or Write us at Nordstrom International Privacy , PO Box 21986 , Seattle , WA 98111-3986 Nordstrom has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Nordstrom , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . To access the Nordstrom In-Store Prosthesis Privacy Policy click here . Canada Privacy Policy To access the Nordstrom Canada Privacy Policy click here . Careers Privacy For more information about our Careers Privacy Policy click here . Business Transitions As we continue to develop our business , we may undergo a business transition such as acquiring another company , merging with an existing company , or selling a portion of our assets . In such transitions , customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party . In the unlikely event that Nordstrom , Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired or enter a court proceeding , you acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that your personal information can continue to be used as set forth in this Privacy Policy . Policy Changes This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices . We reserve the right to change this policy , and to apply any changes to information previously collected , as permitted by law . If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future , we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website . Additional Information If you 're not comfortable shopping online ( and would prefer to make your purchase via telephone ) , just give us a call at 1-888-282-6060 . Our Customer Service Representatives will be happy to assist you . For your convenience , Nordstrom may link to unaffiliated third party websites . This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites . If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us at :  Nordstrom Privacy PO Box 21986 Seattle , WA 98111-3986 1-866-554-6591 privacy @ nordstrom.com HauteLook 1212 S. Flower Street , Suite # 300 Los Angeles , CA 90015 1-888-547-8438 membercare @ hautelook.com The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only , and are not intended to be exhaustive . 9/20/2013 
Zappos.com 's Privacy Policy Shop With Confidence ! Protecting Your Personal Information Privacy Policy Last updated : January 1 , 2013 . To see what has changed , click here . Thank you for accessing the Zappos.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc . We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information . To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information . This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information . Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information . By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy . This privacy policy applies to the Site . This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information . Please see below for details . We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site . 1 . Information Collection . We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site . One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience . For example , we can use your personal information to :  help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once . help you quickly find information , products , and services . help us create content that is most relevant to you . alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer . ( a ) Registration and Ordering . Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form . During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number . If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date . We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files . In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender . These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes . If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you . ( b ) Email Addresses . Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us . We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes . We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners . By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes . ( c ) Cookies and Other Technology . Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage . ( i ) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive . Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies . You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site . We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products . If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase . THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION . Our cookies are not spyware . ( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times . For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon . ( iii ) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf . These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) . Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us . ( iv ) As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased . Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us . ( d ) Log Files . As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site . We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes . ( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet. )  ( e ) Age . We respect children 's privacy . We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 . Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you . ( f ) Product Reviews . You may choose to submit a product review . If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location . If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) . Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site . We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review . We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information . ( g ) Bizrate Reviews . Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores . After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience . This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback . Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com , not us , and is governed by their privacy policy , available at http : //shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html . 2 . Information Use and Disclosure . ( a ) Internal Use . We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service . We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site . In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control . ( b ) Communications with You : We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries . Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us . We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance. )  Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you . We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) . Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders . ( c ) External Use . We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection . We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :  ( i ) As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf . When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service . For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information . We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S. Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party . In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number . ( ii ) Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers . When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( More on this below in Data Security. )  ( iii ) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction . When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law . We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others . For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud . ( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business . However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets . If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect . ( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners . This information does not directly personally identify you or any user . ( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners . The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site . We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities . Access to your personal information is restricted . Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information . Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware . We believe that their security procedures are adequate . For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall . While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security . 100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline . Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account . You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http : //www.zappos.com/cs.zhtml , or by telephoning , or emailing your request to Zappos.com 's Customer Loyalty Team 1-800-943-1633 or :  cs @ zappos.com Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information . As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information . We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information . One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions . When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question . When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption . ( See the Data Security section above for more information ) . Another example involves faxes . If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information . There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses . As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices . If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose . We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated . If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy , please contact us at 1-800-943-1633 or cs @ zappos.com . Effective January 1 , 2013 Go to the Homepage Have questions ? The Zappos Customer Loyalty Team ( ZCLT ) is happy to help ! Call ZCLT 24 hours a day - 365 days a year :  1-800-927-7671 or Email Zappos Customer Loyalty Team 
Overstock.com Privacy and Security Policy Overstock.com , Inc . ( Overstock.com , Overstock , we , us , or our as appropriate ) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy ( Privacy Policy ) to inform you of the following : what information we collect , when we collect it , how and why we collect it , how we use it , how we protect it , how we share it and what choices you have regarding our collection and use of this information . This Privacy Policy applies to the following sites : http : //www.overstock.com , http : //www.o.info , and http : //www.o.biz ( collectively and individually , the Sites ) . Entering the Sites constitutes your acceptance and agreement to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy , please do not enter the Sites . Types of Information We Collect Your name Your billing and delivery address Your e-mail address Your phone ( or mobile ) number Your credit/debit card number Information on how you are using the Sites Your purchase/return/exchange information We Collect Information When You purchase , order , return , exchange or request information about our products and services from the Sites or mobile applications . You create an Overstock.com account You connect with Overstock.com regarding customer service via our customer service center , or on social media platforms . You visit the Sites or participate in interactive features of the Sites or mobile applications . You use a social media service , for example , Overstock.com 's Facebook page or YouTube channel . You sign up for e-mails , mobile messages , or social media notifications from Overstock.com . You enter a contest or sweepstakes , respond to one of our surveys , or participate in a focus group . You provide us with comments , suggestions , or other input You interact with any of the Sites through your computer , tablet or mobile device Technologies Used We may use tracking pixels/web beacons , cookies and or other technologies to receive and store certain types of information . This information includes Internet Protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser information , Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) , operating system , date/time stamp and clickstream data . This information helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant . It also allows us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits . This includes Overstock.com content presented on other websites or mobile applications . In order to provide the best customer experience possible , we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes , such as how you are shopping our website , performance of our marketing efforts , and your response to those marketing efforts . Third Party Cookies We allow third-party companies to collect anonymous information when you visit the Sites and to use that information to serve ads for Overstock.com products or services or for products or services of other companies when you visit the Sites or other websites . These companies may use anonymous information ( e.g. , navigational , non-personally identifiable information , click stream information , browser type , time and date , subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over , etc. )  during your visits to the Sites and other websites in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you . These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon , or other technologies , to collect this information . To opt out of third-party vendors ' cookies , see the What Choices Do You Have ? section of this privacy policy for instruction how to do so . User Experience Information In order to improve customer online shopping experience , help with fraud identification , and to assist our customer care representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases , we use tools to monitor certain user experience information , including , but not limited to , login information , IP address , data regarding pages visited , specific actions taken on pages visited ( e.g. , information entered during checkout process ) , and browser information . Information from Other Sources We may also obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers ( e.g. , adding address information ) . This may improve our ability to contact you and improve the relevancy of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you . Public Forums Any information you submit in a public forum ( e.g. , a blog , chat room , or social network ) can be read , collected , or used by us and other participants , and could be used to personalize your experience . You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances . Mobile Privacy Overstock.com offers mobile applications ( commonly known as " apps " ) that allow you to shop online , check product availability , learn about sales events , or receive other information from Overstock . All information collected by Overstock.com via our mobile application is protected by this Privacy Policy . Although you do not have to provide your location information to Overstock.com to use our mobile applications , our services require a zip code to function . If you have questions about location and notification privacy , please contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of you device to learn how to adjust your settings . Product and Service Fulfillment Fulfill and manage purchases , orders , payments , returns/exchanges , or requests for information , or to otherwise serve you Provide any requested services Administer sweepstakes and contests Marketing Purposes Deliver coupons , mobile coupons , newsletters , receipt messages , e-mails , and mobile messages Send marketing communications and other information regarding products , services and promotions Administer promotions Internal Operations Improve the effectiveness of the Sites , mobile experience , and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis , including focus groups and surveys Perform other business activities as needed , or as described elsewhere in this policy Fraud Prevention To prevent fraudulent transactions , monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business Legal Compliance To assist law enforcement and respond to subpoenas Security Methods We maintain technical , administrative , physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us . To guard this information , the Sites use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . SSL encrypts your credit card number , name and address so only Overstock.com is able to decode the information . E-mail Security Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information . " Phishing " is a scam designed to steal your information . If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for certain information , do not respond . Though we might ask you your name , we will never request your password , credit card information or other information through e-mail . Information About Children We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved . We are committed to protecting children 's privacy and we comply fully with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( COPPA ) . Overstock.com will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent . If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to Overstock.com , for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent , we will delete his or her information from our files . Additional Security We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to Overstock.com and their issuing bank or credit card company . We are asking all our customers to take measures to help protect information in their online accounts , including the following : Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses Reset your e-mail account passwords frequently Use complex passwords ( a minimum of 7 alpha/numeric cAsE sEnsitive characters ) Do not use the same password on more than one website Do not share your password with others Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and can not be accessed by another user on the same computer , especially when using a public computer or terminal General Policy We do not sell or rent customer information to third parties ; except , under limited circumstances outlined below , we may share information with third parties . The Overstock Family We share information we collect within the Sites and Overstock.com family , which includes all Overstock.com subsidiaries and affiliates . The Overstock.com family may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you . Service Providers We may share information with companies that provide support services to us ( such as a printer , e-mail , mobile marketing , or data enhancement provider ) or that help us market our products and services . These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions . These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose . Legal Requirements We may disclose information you provide to us when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law ; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of our company , our customers or others . When You Direct Us At your direction or request , we may share your information . Business Transfers If some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred , we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our customers . We also may retain a copy of that customer information . E-mail Promotional E-mail If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us , click here . You also have the ability to unsubscribe to promotional e-mails via the opt-out link included in each e-mail . It may take up to 10 business days before you stop receiving promotional e-mails . Important Notices and Transactional E-mail From time to time , we may send non-commercial electronic email messages with important information about us or the Sites to your email address . We regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order . Mobile We may distribute mobile coupons and text messages to mobile devices of customers who have requested this information via an opt-in request . Customers will be able to opt out of a specific mobile messaging campaign . Overstock.com Cookies The help function of your browser should contain instructions to set your computer to accept all cookies , to notify you when a cookie is issued , or to not receive cookies at any time . If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time , certain personalized services can not be provided to you , and accordingly , you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Overstock.com features . Third Party Cookies To opt-out of third-party vendor 's cookies on other websites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative website , click here http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . Telephone If you do not wish to receive promotional communication from us , call us at ( 800 ) 843-2446 to opt out . This opt out does not apply to operational communication , for example , confirmation of delivery address . In order to keep your information accurate and complete , you can access or update some of your information in the following ways : If you have created an Overstock.com account , you can log in and update your account information , including contact , billing , and shipping information . o Contact us with your current contact information and the information you would like to access . We will provide you the information requested if reasonably available , or will describe more fully the types of information we typically collect . This privacy policy applies to all current or former customer information collected by or provided to Overstock . The Sites may offer links to other sites . If you visit one of these sites , you may want to review the privacy policy on that site . In addition , you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site . In such cases , the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link . You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information . In some cases , Overstock.com has partnered with companies [ e.g. , FiftyOne , Inc. , who does business under the name FiftyOne , and PayPal , Inc . ( PayPal ) , collectively , Vendors ] as outside vendors that we have selected to help us facilitate international transactions . We work closely with these Vendors to ensure that your transaction is handled with care and all the information you provide is secure . As an international customer , when you click on the checkout button , you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by FiftyOne to complete your order . On the checkout page , you will be required to select a method of payment and submit credit card and other information to FiftyOne to complete your order . On the checkout page , you will be presented with FiftyOne 's terms and conditions which you must agree to in order to complete your order . Upon completion and approval of your order by FiftyOne , FiftyOne will notify us of the approval and we will process your order and cause it to be shipped directly to FiftyOne . In this process , FiftyOne will purchase those items in your order from us , thereby taking title to the items , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the delivery of your order . In this process , FiftyOne makes the sale to you as the merchant of record , but we are legally obligated to deliver your order as set forth in our Terms and Conditions . If you have questions about your order , you should direct them to us and not to FiftyOne . The Vendors may give you the opportunity to receive marketing messages from them , in which case you should refer to their terms and conditions for details about how they use your information . The Vendors have assured us that they will process information received from you with at least the same level of privacy protection as set forth in the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . If you choose to provide us and/or the Vendors with information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on servers located in the United States . Any information you provide us is controlled and processed by Overstock.com , Inc. , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , Utah 84121 , USA or its suppliers ( where indicated herein ) . As mentioned herein , your information provided at checkout will be controlled and processed a Vendor . Overstock.com complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as established by the U.S. Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection Authority . We conduct an annual self-assessment to verify that we are in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles in addition to our own Overstock privacy program assessments . Overstock.com has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union that our processing of personal data is in compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles . For more information about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , visit the Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor website . While the Safe Harbor Principles are designed to protect information originating in the European Economic area and Switzerland , our policy is to protect all international customer information in accordance with these Principles . Customers shipping internationally who wish to inquire about or update information or change marketing preferences or anyone who wants to receive information about our international privacy program should contact us directly using one of the following methods : Send an e-mail to customercare @ overstock.com Call our customer care line at ( 801 ) 947-3100 Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , Overstock.com commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your information . European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Overstock.com using one of the following methods : Send an e-mail to customercare @ overstock.com Call our customer care line at ( 801 ) 947-3100 Write us at Overstock , 6350 South 3000 East , Salt Lake City , UT 84121 , USA Overstock.com has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Overstock.com , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at http : //www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . By interacting with Overstock , you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy . We may change or add to this privacy policy , so we encourage you to review it periodically . This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 9 , 2013 . 
Bodybuilding.com Privacy Policy We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of the users of our Sites . This Privacy Policy will advise you about our guidelines concerning the use of your personal information , including , without limitation , the reasonable efforts we make to protect your personal information in accord with these guidelines , and about what choices you have concerning our use of such information . Please read this policy carefully . We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our Sites . We will post those changes here so that you will always know our policies regarding what information we gather , how we might use that information , and whether we will disclose that information to anyone . Please refer back to this policy regularly . If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ bodybuilding.com or contact us at : 5777 N Meeker Ave , Boise , ID 83713 , USA . This Privacy Policy applies to your use of all the sites and services owned or operated by Bodybuilding.com ( collectively " we , " " us , " or " our " ) , including Bodybuilding.com , BodySource.com and any other site that we may own or operate currently or in the future ( collectively , the " Site " or " Sites " ) . Unless we say otherwise , all references to the Sites in this policy include all such sites . This policy does not apply to your use of sites to which any of the Sites link . This policy covers only information collected on the Sites and does not cover any information collected offline by us . We may request personal identification information from you ( such as your name , street address , telephone number , credit card number , e-mail address , and/or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of you ) in connection with your use of , or participation in , membership registration for Bodybuilding.com , our contests , sweepstakes , promotions , games , surveys , forums , subscription registrations , content submissions , chats , bulletin boards , discussion groups , requests for suggestions , visitors ' requests for free products or services , or additional information ( including via e-mail to us ) , and in connection with other activities , services , features or resources we make available on any of our Sites . In all of these cases , we will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us . Except as otherwise provided in this policy , we reasonably endeavor to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any personal identification information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission ( through opt-in or similar procedures ) except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law . Further , we may contact you based on the information you provide online whether in connection with your registration or in such places as the above described forums . If you do provide us with personal information for any of these activities , we may use it to conduct the activity . We may also use cookie technology and Web beacons ( discussed in detail below ) to improve your experience of these activities , including to remember your preferences , customize the content and advertisements that you see or authenticate your access to your personal information . In addition , in the event that your personally identifiable information is requested as part of our surveys , polls or promotions , such personally identifiable information may be added to your registration information . We may also contact you to confirm your registration and communicate about your account status , as well as regarding changes to the Sites ' Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy . If you give us your permission , we may also use personal identification information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes . On occasion , for example , we may send you e-mails to introduce a product or a service that we think might be of interest to the users of our Sites . For us to obtain your permission to send you this information , we will give you an opportunity to " opt-in " at the time our request for your personal information is made . If you do " opt-in , " you may choose to " opt-out " at any time , even after you have provided personal information , by following the procedures set forth below at the end of this Privacy Policy . Please note , however , that under certain circumstances , if you initially do not choose to " opt-in , " or if you later " opt-out , " you may not be eligible for certain benefits for which a name , e-mail address , telephone number or other personal identification information is needed . We have the following exceptions to these policies : We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant , subpoena , statute or court order . We will also release specific information in special cases , such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Sites , or a physical or property threat to you or others . We may also transfer user information , including personally identifiable information , in connection with a corporate merger , consolidation , the sale of related assets or corporate division , or other fundamental corporate change . We may provide access to your personally identifiable information to our contractors who are performing services for us in connection with our Sites or the services that you have requested . In addition , on occasion , we may collect personal identification information from you in connection with optional contests , special offers or promotions . We will share such information with necessary third parties for the purpose of carrying out the contest , special offer or promotion . Your participation in the contest , special offer or promotion constitutes your consent to such disclosure and use of such information . Further , the information you enter when making a purchase or an online donation will be shared with payment processors , financial gateways , and your credit card company to authorize credit card payments . Such information may also be shared with necessary third parties solely for the purpose or carrying out the transactions . Also , personal information that you submit may be shared with Liberty Media , Inc. , our parent company . Please see the Liberty Media website for more information about Liberty Media 's Privacy Policy . Please note that if you give out personal information online - for example , on one of our public forums such as a message board or chat room , folder or chat IM feature - that information can be collected and used by third parties . Although we strive to protect our users ' privacy , we can not guarantee the security of information you post in these forums and have no control over how such third parties may use your information . You disclose such information at your own risk . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password . You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration , whether or not authorized by you . You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your registration or password . We collect non-personal identification information through the use of , without limitation , the following types of methodology : " Cookie " technology : A " cookie " is an element of data that a website can send to your browser , which may then store it on your system . " IP address tracking " : An " IP address " is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet . When you request pages from our Sites , our servers log your IP address . " Web beacons " : A " Web beacon , " or " clear gif , " is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user . Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use , the type of computer , technical information about your means of connection to our Sites such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized , and other similar information . Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online . We use such information for our business purposes , and , in particular , to administer the Sites , better manage advertising on the Sites , and , in the aggregate , to understand how our users as a group use the services , features and other resources provided on our Sites . This way we know which areas of our Sites are favorites of our users , which areas need improvement , and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our Sites . We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners , suppliers and other third parties , but we will not share any individual names , personal navigational or other personal information . For example , we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Sites . We may share demographic and preference information with this company to allow them to display appropriate advertisements for you . We use a proprietary advertising server to display ads on our Sites . In addition , advertisers may elect to use third-party advertising companies to serve ads onto our Sites . Some of our advertisers may display ads on our Sites that may use cookie technology or Web beacons to ( i ) identify non-personal information about our users ( such as connection speed , browser and country of origin ) and ( ii ) track user behavior within our Sites . Advertisers generally use such information to customize the display of ads within our Sites . We will not permit such advertisers to collect any personal information from our users within our Sites , however , you may choose to voluntarily provide the advertisers with your personal information . We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain . Further , from time-to-time we contract with a third party web analytics provider to help manage and optimize our Sites . We use this service to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our Sites . To do this , we use Web beacons and cookie technology on the Sites . The type of information we collect includes such information as the number of hits a webpage receives , type of browser used , and number of times a visitor makes a purchase from a particular promotion . By supplementing our records , this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors , which products and services most interest our users , and what kinds of offers our users like to see . Although this third-party provider logs the information coming from our Sites on our behalf , we control how that data may and may not be used . The Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act ( " COPPA " ) requires that we inform parents and legal guardians about how we collect , use , and disclose personal information from children under 13 years of age . Our Sites are not directed at children under 13 years of age but , we recognize that with proper adult supervision some parents might permit their children to visit our Sites and use our online services . COPPA requires that we obtain the consent of parents and guardians in order for children under 13 years of age to use certain features of our Sites . When your child attempts to register and/or provide personal information to Bodybuilding.com , we require a parent or legal guardian to :  Register their child by completing the Permission to Participate Form and returning it , by facsimile or postal mail , to us as set forth on the form ; Review our Privacy Policy and verify that the child 's parent or guardian knows about and authorizes our information practices related to children protected by COPPA ; and Verify via email confirmation a second authorization that the parent or guardian consents to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . Send such email authorizations to coppa @ bodybuilding.com Once parental notice and consent has been verified , the information we collect will be treated the same as information collected from any other user . Without verified parental notice and consent , we will not knowingly collect personal information relating to children under 13 years of age , and if we learn that we have inadvertently collected such information , we will promptly delete it . In compliance with COPPA , a parent or legal guardian may request from us to review , delete or stop the collection of personally identifiable information relating to their child or any child in their legal custody who is under 13 years of age . You may do so by following the instructions below regarding Access to/Correction of Information . If you request that no further information about your child be collected or used , we will be required to terminate your child 's ability to use any part of the service or feature that requires a user to " sign in. "  To learn more about COPPA , please visit this page :  http : //www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html Users will find advertising or other content on our Sites that link to the sites and services of our partners , suppliers , advertisers , sponsors , licensors and other third parties . We do not control the content or links that appear on those sites . In addition , those sites or services , including their content and links , may be constantly changing . Those sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies , or no policy ( policies ) at all . We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information . Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority . We have taken reasonable measures to secure both your information and our physical premises . We exercise reasonable care in providing safe transmission of your information from your PC to our servers ( unless sent by a means outside of our control , such as e-mail ) . However , we can not guaranty that our measures will completely bar unauthorized access to your information , and by using the Sites you assume this risk . If you would like to review any personal information we have retained about you in our database , please send us an e-mail request for this information at webmaster @ bodybuilding.com . To help us address your request , please specify which information you wish to review . Once you have reviewed this information , at your request we will correct personal information about you that you state is erroneous . To request such a correction , please send an e-mail to webmaster @ bodybuilding.com . You should be aware , however , that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request . Please also understand that due to the volume of traffic on the Sites and correspondence received , we can not make any representations about the timeliness of the making of such modifications . In addition , we are unable to modify your information in the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy . Customers making purchases at the Bodybuilding.com Store with a Ship To Address in the states of Florida , Idaho , and Pennsylvania will not have the current rate of sales tax added to their shopping cart but Bodybuilding.com will remit the current rate of sales tax to the appropriate State Sales Tax Authority for each such qualifying sale . If you " opt-in " to receive information from us , you can change your mind later . If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us , please be sure to opt out of these features . All of these communications provide the ability for you to opt out of future communications through an ' unsubscribe ' link at the bottom of the communication . If you sign up to enter a sweepstakes or contest , you are opted in to receive email communications . When submitting your information for these purposes , you will see the following message : " By submitting your email you are agreeing to receive promotional emails from Bodybuilding.com . You may opt out at any time. "  We do not sell your email or other contact information to third parties . Even if you opt out of receiving notices regarding our Terms of Use and other legal notices from us , such as this Privacy Notice , those notices will still govern your use of Bodybuilding.com and orders placed with Bodybuilding.com , and it is your responsibility to review them for changes . You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers , although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request , and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy . The Sites are operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States . By using our Website , participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information , you consent to this transfer . By using any of the Sites , you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy , your promise to comply with the representations you make and contained in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use , and your understanding of the scope and limitations of the protections provided under the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . If you do not agree to these policies , please do not use our Sites . Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes . Last modified on August 8 , 2013 . 
At Staples , your privacy is as important to us as it is to you . Our Customer Personal Information Privacy Policy defines how Staples protects your privacy . This Privacy Policy describes :  Why we collect Personal Information What Personal Information we collect and when it is collected How your Personal Information is used and protected When and with whom your Personal Information is shared What to do if you feel your Personal Information has been compromised This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and Web sites offered by Staples , Inc. , our subsidiaries and affiliated companies . Staples offers many different Web sites for many different business purposes . As this Privacy Policy applies to all of our Web sites , they are collectively referred to as Web site throughout this policy . The Web site is also governed by its Terms of Use . If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy directly conflict with the Terms of Use , the terms of this Privacy Policy will apply . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us through our Web site or write to us at :  privacy @ staples.com OR Privacy and Compliance Staples 500 Staples Drive , Framingham , MA 01702 This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual . This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future . This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information , which is information that Staples collects from you as a customer that specifically identifies you as an individual . This information is collected to provide you with the products and services you have requested as well as to provide a pleasant shopping experience now and to improve your shopping experience in the future . While we limit the information we collect , we do collect Personal Information when you :  Place an order from our catalogs or on our Web site Create an account on our Web site Make a purchase at one of our retail stores Return an item , make an exchange or submit a rebate Inquire about our products or services or contact customer service Request a catalog Receive a gift package Sign up for Staples email updates or other promotional materials Enter a contest or sweepstakes Are referred to us through a marketing promotion Participate in a marketing survey , promotion or event Apply for a Staples credit card account In order to provide our full range of services , we may collect Personal Information including :  Name Address Telephone number Fax number Email address Transaction information Credit card , debit card or checking account information Driver 's license number and expiration date ( in conjunction with merchandise returns and credit checks ) Age/date of birth ( in conjunction with promotions , for credit card applications and credit checks ) Social Security number ( in conjunction with credit applications only ) Employment history ( in conjunction with credit applications only ) In order to provide you with a better shopping experience and to improve the quality of our services , we may combine the information you submit under your account with other information that we may receive from you , or from third parties , or with other public demographic information . We maintain this information , along with a record of your purchases , in a restricted database . There are some services provided by Staples that require us to become temporary custodians of your equipment that may contain your Personal Information . These services typically involve a personal computer . Staples does not retain information from these devices once the requested services are complete . Also , our Web site is not directed at collecting Personal Information from children and we do not actively collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 . At Staples , we always want to provide you with the easiest and best possible shopping experience from the time you begin looking for products and services through the delivery of your requested items . The information that we collect lets us meet this goal by allowing us to :  Customize your shopping experience Confirm , process and track your orders Provide the products and services you request Contact you with questions or status updates regarding an order Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online Fulfill gift card orders Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests Identify your product and service preferences Communicate great values and featured items to you Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you Send you Staples email updates Improve our merchandise selection , Web site , retail experience and customer service Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased Prevent or mitigate fraud and credit risk Administer billing and payment for your purchases Administer promotions , contests , sweepstakes and rewards programs Administer branded credit cards Comply with applicable law , legal procedures , requirements , regulations and statutes Staples does offer some of our services in connection with affiliated companies as well as other third parties . Third-party Web sites may have different privacy practices than described in this Privacy Policy . We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies associated with third-party Web sites as this Privacy Policy applies only to the Staples Web site , Staples ' services and Staples ' handling of Personal Information . Personal Information that you provide to third-party Web sites may be sent to Staples in order to deliver the services you have requested . You can be assured that we will process Personal Information that we receive from these Web sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy . To further improve your shopping experience , Staples partners with third-party vendors to evaluate how the Web site is used and to provide continuous improvement for our services . Like most Web sites , we use " cookies " for a variety of purposes to improve your visits to the Web site . Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record-keeping purposes . For example , we use cookies to understand which Web pages are visited and how often they are visited , to remember you when you return to the Web site , and to generally make the Web site more user friendly . Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies . You may decide to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent . However , if you do decide to refuse all cookies , please be aware that some Web site features and Staples services may be unavailable or may not function properly . Browser settings , including do not track signals and other mechanisms , will not affect data collection and not constitute an opt-out of advertising-related cookies , personalized third-party advertising , or promotional messages from Staples ; you must use the opt-out choices described herein in order to opt-out from such promotional messages . To opt out of Staples advertising-related cookies , follow the links for our partners below :  General cookie tracking opt-out : http : //www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product# optout Customized content display opt-out : Targeting Opt-out More information : http : //www.omniture.com/en/privacy/product Doubleclick : http : //www.doubleclick.com/com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ Choices for Receiving Promotional Material You may also decide to opt out of receiving promotional mail and/or email from Staples . Simply notify us of this decision by one of these methods :  Follow the unsubscribe link on any promotional email received from Staples Send an email to us at support @ orders.staples.com Call us toll free at 800-333-3330 Fax us toll free at 877-490-2660 Write to us at Staples Direct Marketing Services 500 Staples Drive Framingham , MA 01702 Please note that any opt-out request sent via postal mail may take at least sixty ( 60 ) days to become effective . You may still receive email or postal mail from other affiliated companies and third parties if they have received your email or postal address from sources other than Staples or as a result of their own transactions or experiences with you . You will also continue to receive email or postal mail if you request to hear from us again at a later date . In the normal course of business , Staples shares Personal Information with third parties . We do this in the following limited circumstances :  Personal Information is provided to our subsidiaries , affiliated companies or other third parties for the purpose of processing the information on our behalf . We require that these parties agree to process this information based on our instructions and requirements consistent with this Privacy Policy . We may disclose Personal Information as reasonably necessary to : ( a ) satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request , ( b ) enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations thereof , ( c ) detect , prevent or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues , or ( d ) protect against imminent harm to the rights , property or safety of Staples , its customers or the public as required or permitted by law . We may disclose a customer 's name , phone number , postal address and/or ordering information to carefully selected third parties for marketing purposes so that they may notify individuals of offers or services that may be of interest . We do not provide credit card or other financial information for marketing purposes . We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated , non-Personal Information , such as how many customers viewed a particular product or Web page . Such information would not identify you individually . We may disclose and/or transfer Personal Information to a third party in connection with a merger , acquisition or sale ( including any transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving Staples or its affiliated companies or as part of a corporate reorganization , stock or asset sale , or other change in corporate control . Staples processes Personal Information only for the purposes for which it was collected . The information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy , any additional privacy notices that may be associated with the service we are supplying , applicable law , or your authorization or consent . Staples maintains reasonable and appropriate standards to safeguard your Personal Information . When you enter Personal Information that contains a Social Security number , driver 's license number , or credit or debit card number in the designated and secured sections of our Web site , the information will be encrypted or encoded before it is sent over the Internet . Personal Information that we collect and maintain is subject to physical , administrative and technical controls that are consistent with recognized industry standards . Staples processes Personal Information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries . In some cases , we may process your Personal Information on a server outside your own country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable law . Staples takes reasonable steps to verify that the Personal Information we store and process is accurate , complete and current . We also depend on our customers to update or correct their online profiles and to contact us with changes in Personal Information whenever necessary by one of the following means :  Follow the unsubscribe link or Update Your Email Preferences link on any promotional email received from Staples Send an email to us at support @ orders.staples.com Call us toll-free at 800-333-3330 Fax us toll-free at 877-490-2660 Write to us at Staples Direct Marketing Services 500 Staples Drive Framingham , MA 01702 Unless otherwise required by law or for legitimate business purposes , we will make good-faith efforts to correct or delete such data at your request when you notify us of an error or change in your Personal Information . To prevent unauthorized changes to someone 's Personal Information , we ask individual customers to positively identify themselves before processing such requests . We reserve the right to charge a small fee to process any request to update , correct or delete Personal Information . We also may decline to process requests that require a disproportionate technical effort , jeopardize the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup tapes ) . Staples regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy . Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or Staples ' treatment of Personal Information to us through the Web site or by writing to us at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document . If we receive a written complaint , it is Staples ' policy to contact the customer regarding his or her concerns . We will investigate complaints promptly and diligently to address your concerns and resolve any dispute quickly . What to Do if You Believe Someone Has Improperly Used Your Personal Data If you believe that someone has improperly accessed or used your personally identifiable information supplied to Staples or has made purchases at Staples that you did not authorize , please contact us immediately . Here are some additional things that you can do to protect yourself from identity theft if you think that your Personal Information has been compromised :  Review Your Account Statements . Carefully review your bank , credit card and other account statements every month to ensure that all of your account activity is valid . Report any questionable charges promptly and in writing to the card or account issuer . Check Your Credit Report . Check your credit report periodically to ensure that all your information is correct . You can obtain a free credit report once per year by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or by calling 877-322-8228 . Carefully reviewing your credit report can help you spot problems and address them quickly . If you have any questions about your credit report or notice any inaccuracies , contact the relevant consumer reporting agency promptly at the telephone number listed on the report . Fraud Alert . Consider placing a fraud alert on your credit file . The fraud alert requests that creditors contact you before opening any new accounts or increasing credit limits on your existing accounts . You can place a fraud alert on your credit file by contacting one of the three consumer reporting agencies listed below . You need to contact only one of the three agencies ; the one you contact is required by law to contact the other two . You will receive confirmation letters in the mail and then will be able to order a credit report from each of the three agencies , free of charge . The fraud alert will remain in your credit file for at least 90 days . Equifax Experian TransUnion P.O . Box 740241 Atlanta , GA 30374 800-525-6285 P.O . Box 9532 Allen , TX 75013 888-397-3742 P.O . Box 6790 Fullerton , CA 92834 800-680-7289 www.equifax.com www.experian.com www.transunion.com Consult the Federal Trade Commission . For more guidance on steps you can take to protect your information , you also can contact the Federal Trade Commission at www.ftc.gov/idtheft , or at 877-ID-THEFT ( 877-438-4338 ) , or at the Identity Theft Clearinghouse , Federal Trade Commission , 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW , Washington , DC 20580 . Staples complies with the U.S.EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . Staples has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Staples 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ . For California Residents Privacy Rights under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84 California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes . The notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared , along with their names and addresses . Please allow 30 days for a response . If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice , please submit a written request to the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document . Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice . Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified by its effective date found at the top of this document . If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us anytime through this Web site or at the email or postal mail address at the beginning of this document . 
( United States and Puerto Rico ) Last Updated December 31 , 2013 This privacy statement ( also referred to as Costco 's Privacy Policy ) explains our privacy practices for our customers who : ( 1 ) shop in our United States and Puerto Rico warehouses or ( 2 ) use our website , www.costco.com . COSTCO 'S COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY We respect your right to privacy . We do not sell , rent , share or disclose personal information to third parties without your prior consent , except in the circumstances described in this Privacy Statement . In addition , your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us . This privacy statement explains our policy regarding the collection , use , disclosure and protection of personal information . The links below provide detailed information about our privacy practices : What is Personal Information ? Collection of Personal Information Use of Personal Information by Costco Sharing of Personal Information Order Fulfillment Member Services Our Contractors Primary Account Holder Tobacco Rebates for Business Members Other Uses and Disclosures Protection of Personal and Credit Card Information Choice Health Care Centers Health Care Centers Pharmacies Online Specifics Online Information Gathering and Use Links to Other Web Sites Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information Apps/Mobile Specifics SMS ( Text ) Messages Costco Apps Use of the Costco.com Site by Children Questions or Concerns Changes to this Statement Personal information is information that identifies an individual or that can be reasonably associated with a specific person or entity , such as a name , contact information , Internet ( IP ) address and information about an individual 's purchases and online shopping . Personal information also includes medical information collected through our pharmacies , hearing aid centers and optical centers ( see Health Care Centersbelow ) . As a convenience to our Members , we allow the primary cardholder to add his/her spouse or others to a membership account . We collect the personal information that you provide us , such as when you : sign up for or renew your Costco membership ; register to use costco.com or sign up for news or notifications of specials or other promotions on costco.com ; place an order or purchase products or services , online or otherwise ; contact us for any reason ; participate in a survey or promotion ; or sign up for or participate in our various Member Services ( see Member Services below ) . We may automatically collect some information when you visit our website , such as your computer 's IP address and operating system , the site from which you linked to us , your site activity , the time and date of your visit , and your purchases . This information may be collected through the use of " cookies " and web beacons ( see Online Specifics below ) . We also receive information from third parties who help us correct our records , prevent fraud , and provide Member Services or special promotions or products ( see Member Services below ) . We may combine any of this information with the other personal information we maintain about you . The personal information we collect is generally used to process your requests or transactions , provide you with high-quality service , tell you about opportunities we think will be of interest and administer your account , including distribution of our own surveys and publications . For example , we may : Alert you about product recalls or safety issues ; Communicate membership opportunities and programs ; and Provide you with promotional information , such as coupons , offers and product recommendations , or information about Member Services ( " Promotional Information " ) . If you prefer not to receive Promotional Information from us , we make it easy for you to let us know . You may contact us at any time to decline Promotional Information ( see Choice below ) . We share information in these circumstances : Order Fulfillment We may provide to a third party information as necessary to fulfill an order you have placed with us . For example , we may provide your address to a shipper , and if you pay by a credit or debit card , your card number and sales transaction information are passed to the card processor and/or issuer ( including their service providers such as fraud verification services ) . However , we give suppliers , and others involved in the distribution chain only the information needed to provide you the products or services you order , and we require them to keep the information confidential and not to use it for other purposes . We are not responsible for any information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them . Member Services We offer special products and services to our members through third parties , such as rebates , financial , travel , insurance and other business and consumer services ( " Member Services " ) . We may share your name , postal address , email address and membership status , number and type ( " Member Information " ) with these third parties in order to notify you of their offerings , to determine whether , or at what level , you qualify for the products , offerings or services , and to evaluate new and existing products , offerings or services . If you prefer that we not share Member Information with third parties , you can contact us at any time ( see Choice below ) . However , if you apply for or request certain products , offerings or services , information you provide will be shared directly with the third parties who will be providing the requested products , offerings or services . If you apply for an American Express Card through Costco , we will collect the application on behalf of American Express . These third parties are required to use personal information we share only to provide the requested services . We are not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these parties , and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices and policies before disclosing information to them . Information you provide to third parties , may in turn be shared with us along with information about your use of the services . In some cases , these third parties may require as a condition of providing services to you that you authorize them to share information with us . If we terminate our relationship with a third party , information you provided to them may be returned to us , and we may provide that information to a new third party offering the same or similar services . Our Contractors We may contract with others to perform services on our behalf . For example , we might retain a company to process credit card payments , ship merchandise , distribute emails , process rebates or analyze data . If any of these service providers need access to your personal information , we require them to use it only to perform the services for us . We also require that they maintain the confidentiality of the information and/or return the information to us when they no longer need it . Primary Account Holder Each membership account has an individual primary account holder who is authorized to designate and remove add-on members and make other account management decisions . We may disclose Personal Information that relates to activities occurring under the account to the primary account holder . Tobacco Rebates for Business Members As a service to our Business Members who purchase tobacco products for resale , we provide information to the tobacco manufacturers ' representative to process retail incentives . The information we provide is the business Member 's name , address , the brand name , and the amount of tobacco products purchased . Pursuant to California law , if you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose this information on your behalf , you can notify us ( see Choice below ) . In addition , we may use or disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized to do so , or that doing so is reasonably necessary to protect you , to comply with legal process or authorities , to respond to any claims , or to protect the rights , property or personal safety of Costco Wholesale , our Members , our employees or the public . If your membership was purchased for you as an employee benefit , we may share your name , address and membership level ( Gold Star , Business or Executive ) , but no other personal information , with your employer . Information about our Members , including personal information , may be disclosed or transferred as part of , or during negotiations of , any merger or sale of company assets or acquisition . We have physical , administrative and technical security measures in place to protect personal information from loss , misuse or alteration while it is under our control . We are required to collect , process and maintain payment card information in accordance with the data security rules adopted by credit card companies such as Visa , MasterCard and American Express . This means that we do not retain debit card PINs or credit card security codes , and that any time we maintain a credit card number , such as when you create an online account , we must limit access to it and use strong encryption to protect it . Further , when you enter personal information online , that information is encrypted prior to transmission using a security protocol called SSL ( Secure Sockets Layer ) . We also use SSL to allow you to securely view your online account and registration information . Online account information is accessible only by using a password . You must keep your password confidential . You are responsible for all uses of www.costco.com by anyone using your password . Please advise us immediately at customerservice @ costco.com if you believe your password has been misused . We give you choices related to your personal information , and numerous methods to inform us of your decision . Your choice to opt-out will not apply to your spouse and any add-on members . If you do not want us to share Member Information ( see Member Services ) with third parties , you can : ( a ) check the opt-out box on our membership applications ; ( b ) follow the opt-out instructions on your renewal notices ; ( c ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( d ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( e ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; or ( f ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . If you do not want to receive Promotional Information ( see Use of Personal Information by Costco ) or information about Member Services , you can : ( a ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( b ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( c ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; or ( d ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . If you are a Business Member in California and you do not want us to disclose information about your tobacco purchases , you can : ( a ) visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; ( b ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( c ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com or ( d ) write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . If you do not want to receive promotional emails , you can : ( a ) call our Membership Services representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; ( b ) email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; ( c ) write us at : Customer Service , P.O . Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 ; ( d ) click the provided " unsubscribe " link in any email to unsubscribe ; or ( e ) access " My Account " if you are a registered user of costco.com , and check the opt-out box . If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address . If you receive emails from the online Photo Center or one of our services providers ( see Member Services ) you will need to specifically opt out of these special purpose emails . There will be an opportunity to do this on the email itself , and you may opt out of Photo Center emails by logging into your Photo Center account . If you do not want us to track your activity on Costco.com , you can access " My Account " if you are a registered user and check the opt-out box . If you have more than one email address , you will need to specifically opt-out for each email address . H. HEALTH CARE CENTERS We appreciate the importance of safeguarding the privacy of your personal health information and consequently we have special procedures to protect this sensitive information provided to our pharmacies , and optical and hearing aid departments ( " Health Care Centers " ) . Personal health information includes your prescription information , your Pharmacy Patient Profile and other related information . Review our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers . If you are an Executive Member , your purchase information from our Health Care Centers will be combined with your other personal information to calculate your Executive Member 2 % Reward , subject to the terms and conditions of that program . Pharmacies This section explains our policy with respect to the uses of personal pharmacy information , whether you use our services online or in a warehouse pharmacy . Prescription information is stored in an electronic system separate from all other member stored personal information . To fill your prescriptions , we collect your name , address , telephone number , age , gender , allergies , and other prescription-related information . We are required by law to collect this type of information to identify potentially dangerous drug interactions or other health concerns . We use this information to process your order , contact you with any questions and provide you with the counseling you may require . Our pharmacist database is maintained separately from other Member databases . Only licensed pharmacists , specifically authorized staff , and others permitted by law to view this database , are allowed to do so . When you use our services , you consent to our use and disclosure of your personal health information for purposes of treatment , payment or health care operations . We do not otherwise sell , share , rent or disclose personal information collected from our pharmacy pages or maintained in pharmacist records unless you have authorized such disclosure , or such disclosure is permitted or required by law . Additional terms regarding the confidentiality of your prescription information are explained in our confidentiality of personal pharmacy information page located on our Notice of Privacy Practices : Pharmacies & Health Care Centers and incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference . Please review these terms so that you understand how they affect your actions and information . Information Gathering and Use . We use cookies . Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer . They enable us to monitor online activity . We use this information to help optimize your shopping experience . For example , we may customize our home page for you , better display pages according to your browser type , and/or deliver customized product recommendations and email . To opt out of these features see Choices . Cookies are not spyware , and Costco does not collect multi-site data , share information with others that we gather through cookies or allow others to gather information on our site using cookies . Currently our site does not respond to Do Not Track features enabled through your browser . Like most web sites , our servers log your IP address , the URL from which you accessed our site , your browser type , and the date and time of your purchases and other activities . We use this information for system administration , troubleshooting , fraud investigation and communications from Costco ( only ) . Finally , we use web beacons to determine when and how many times a page has been viewed . Again , we use this information for our own marketing purposes . Your browser will accept cookies and allow automatic collection of information unless you change the browser default settings . If cookies are disabled the web site will not load properly . Currently our site does not respond to " do not track " mechanisms . Links to Other Sites From our web site you can link to websites of third parties who we allow to offer goods and services to our members or who provide functions and amenities to our site , such as product information and reviews . If it is not clear from the context that you are being directed to a third party site , we endeavor to notify you that you are visiting a site where a different privacy policy applies . In general , any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party 's privacy policy . We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of websites to which we link . We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information . Updating , Reviewing or Correcting Online Personal Information You may update , review or correct your online account information at any time by accessing your password-protected registration page via the " My Account " area of the Web site . You also may email us at customerservice @ costco.com or call us at 800-774-2678 . To update prescription-related information , access the patient profile page at our online pharmacy site . To update general membership information , such as a change of address , please see below . SMS ( Text ) Messages We will send you SMS ( text ) communications only if you consent to receive them . We may send you information customized based on your area code , but we do not automatically collect any information that discloses your physical location . You may review our terms of SMS service here . The Costco App Before we collect or send location-specific information , we will ask for your consent . You may use the app without consenting to this , and you may withdraw your consent by changing your selection within the app . Your general consent to your mobile service provider to allow ( or disallow ) location-based services does not automatically apply to us . In general , you do not need to provide any personal information to use our app . If you wish to make a purchase through the app , however , you must create an account . Personal information you provide is subject to this Costco.com Privacy Statement . In addition , as with any online service , our app automatically collects information such as an IP address , the unique identifier of your mobile device and the URL from which you accessed our app ( see Online Specifics ) . Neither your name nor telephone number are automatically collected . It is not possible to opt out of providing information automatically collected through our apps . Providers who supply the technology necessary for us to create the app may share in the receipt of automatically collected information . We restrict their use of personal information to the purpose of providing services to Costco . In addition , you should review the privacy statements published by your mobile carrier and by your device manufacturer . Either or both of them may automatically collect information . Costco does not have access to information you provide to or that is automatically collected by these third parties . Our apps may provide links to Costco service providers ( see Member Services ) and other third parties ( see Links to Other Sites ) . Except as described in this Privacy Statement , Costco does not sell or share with third parties any information you provide or information automatically collected through our app . We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children 's use of the Internet . We do not intend to collect information from children who are under 18 years of age . If you are under 18 , you should not provide information on the costco.com website or app . In addition , individuals under the age of 18 may not fill , refill or transfer a prescription on costco.com . If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or would like to contact us for any reason , you can do the following : Visit us at any Membership desk at any U.S. or Puerto Rico Costco warehouse location ; Call our Membership Service representatives at 1-800-774-2678 ; Email us at customerservice @ costco.com ; or Write us at : Customer Service , P. O. Box 34622 , Seattle , WA 98124 . We may change this privacy statement at any time , but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating at the top of the privacy statement the date it was last updated . We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your Personal Information will be used . If we make a material change to how we use Personal Information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement , we will communicate the changes in advance . 
This policy was last updated on July 24 , 2013 . Your privacy is important to us . By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBB EU Safe Harbor Program , we have made a commitment to meet the programs ' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by the Safe Harbor Program . Further information about this program is available at http : //www.bbb.org/us/european-dispute-resolution . Below is the B&H privacy and security policy :  Note : The following only applies to B&H 's main website ( www.bhphotovideo.com ) but not to our blogs " B&H inDepth " ( www.bhphotovideo.com/indepth ) and " B&H Insights " ( www.bhphotovideo.com/insights ) : The security of your personal information is very important to us . In an effort to protect your personal information , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology with 128 bit encryption . If your browser supports SSL ( most current browsers do ) , it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site , before sending it over the Internet . B&H has obtained a digital certificate from Cybertrust , a leading provider of Internet trust services . B&H 's website is also tested and certified daily by ScanAlert to receive its Hacker Safe Certification which ensures that the website passes the FBI/SANS Internet Security Test . When visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information , the bottom of your browser window will display , an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key ( depending upon your browser ) . This indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server . To authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information , you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate . Some browser versions and some firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers . In that case , we suggest that you visit the B&H super store , or contact us by phone , or fax your order to us . When you visit our site , we will ask your browser to place a permanent " cookie " ( a very small text file ) on your computer . If your browser is configured to accept cookies , it will accept the cookie and place it on your computer 's hard drive . We collect this information to analyze where our customers are coming from and how often they visit our site . We also collect certain technical information from your computer , like your IP address and the address of a referring web site , if any . This information will allow us to enhance our site to our customer 's preferences . This information is used only for the benefit of B&H and you , our customer . You can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so . However , please be aware that some features of the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies . To visit our site without cookies , you can configure your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is set . Check the browsers help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences . In order to identify who you are , we suggest that you register and log-in when you visit our site . This allows us to provide you with your " Order Status " and other information that is uniquely yours . You can access all the personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by phoning 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 , USA ) , or via e-mail . We use this procedure to safeguard your information . To protect your privacy and security , we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections . You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error . If you place an order with a ship-to address that differs from your bill-to address , we retain this information as well . You can modify or correct this information by following the procedure described above . Such information is used at your request to ship purchased merchandise and may also be used for marketing purposes , but will not be sold to any third parties . When you choose to place an order with us , you are invited to log in ( optional ) , so that we can identify who you are . As a newcomer , it will be suggested that you register for future identification . The registration page asks you to enter your name , a user ID , a password , and your e-mail address . You can update this information at any time by clicking on the " my account " link at the top of every page and selecting " update account information. "  When you decide to place an order , you are asked to complete an order form . The order form requires your name , billing and shipping address , credit card number , expiration date and CID# . You should also include other information fields such as your telephone number , to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary . This information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible . It is used only for the benefit of B&H and you , our customer . Our site contains links to manufacturers , and other related sites for your benefit . B&H is not responsible for the privacy practices , security , or content of such web sites . If you click on one of these links , you will be redirected to their web site and , in doing so , you may provide information directly to them . Therefore , you should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what choices you have . B&H maintains special relationships with a number of secure business partners . For your security or benefit , when you make a purchase , we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification , fraud prevention , credit card authorization , and shipping purposes . B&H may share account or other information when we are required by law ( e.g. , in response to subpoenas , court orders , etc. )  or to protect our interests or property . This may include sharing information with other companies , lawyers , credit bureaus , agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection . You agree that B&H may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks . Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency , which may keep a record of that information . B&H also shares information with outside companies that perform services for B&H . For example , when a customer signs up for our e-mail newsletters , B&H will provide the customers e-mail address to third party e-mail distribution companies that transmit e-mails on behalf of B&H . Your e-mail address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of e-mails for B&H . We may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes . B&H takes steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes . B&H has carefully selected a few companies to assist us in better understanding how our customers use our site . We will place cookies on your computer to collect information . The information that is collected through these cookies tells us things , such as which search engine referred you , how you navigated around our site , which pages you browsed , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and e-mails . The companies analyze the information they collect from our site and return it to us through a secure connection . We use this information to help us understand your interests in our site and how to better serve you . It also helps us provide you with more personalized product offerings . For more information about the companies with whom B&H shares customer information , please contact us . In compliance with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Principles , B&H commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information . European Union or Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should contact :  Legal Department B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. 440 Ninth Avenue New York , New York 10001 Phone : 212-239-7500 Web : www.bhphotovideo.com E-mail : legal @ bhphotovideo.com B&H has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism , the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR , operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus . If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint , or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by B&H , please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint . B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland . B&H has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view our certification page , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ We may use your information in a number of ways , including the following : In order to serve you better , we may combine the information you provide us online , in our superstore and through our catalogues . We use that information to improve your overall shopping experience . To improve the content on our Web site . For example , we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often . To enhance your online shopping experience . For marketing and promotional purposes . You may request to receive the B&H catalogue , brochure periodically by mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you . B&H will never SPAM or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site . Registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request . Please contact us via e-mail , by telephone 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , By Fax 212-239-7549 , or via mail ( 420 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10001 . Enclose a copy of the mailing label ) . Include your name , address , and other information as it appears on the mailing label , and indicate " Do not mail " . We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 , nor is any part of our website structured to attract anyone under 13 . If Security or privacy is still of concern to you If you do not want to receive promotional email from B&H , please click here Note : Once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed . Please allow us a reasonable period from when the request was received to complete the removal . Our transaction security , combined with our privacy guarantee , should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering . Keep in mind however that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with B&H . You can order on-line without sending your credit card number over the Internet . Just complete our on-line order form , print , and fax it to us . If you prefer , you can always call 800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615 , and place your order by telephone . We encourage you to visit the B&H midtown Manhattan super store and deal directly with one of the B&H professionally trained sales associates . If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement , the practices of this site , or your dealings with this web site , you can contact our Web Support Team . By visiting our site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy . We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site . California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying all third party companies to whom B&H may have disclosed , within the past year , personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed . To obtain this information , please e-mail your request to : Click here Please allow 30 days for a response . 
Lowe 's respects your concerns about privacy . This Privacy Statement applies to personal information we collect on Lowes.com and other official Lowe 's sites ( including mobile sites ) that link to this Privacy Statement , the Lowe 's Career Website hosted on brassring.com , official Lowe 's survey forms and sweepstakes entry forms on third-party sites and applications that link to this Privacy Statement , official Lowe 's mobile applications that link to this Privacy Statement ( the " Mobile Applications " ) , and from use of the in-store Wi-Fi network ( the " Store Wi-Fi " ) ( collectively , the " Site " ) . The credit-related areas of the Site are covered by different privacy notices that appear on the credit application pages or that you receive in connection with your credit accounts , as applicable ; the term " Site " does not refer to these areas . The term " Site " also does not refer to the Weekly Ads pages at lowes.shoplocal.com , the Iris Smart Home website www.irissmarthome.com or the login page for that website on Lowes.com . In some cases , a website or online service covered by this Privacy Statement may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to the website or online service . This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on the Site , how we may use that information and with whom we may share it . The Privacy Statement also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the personal information . We also tell you how you can reach us to ask us to update your preferences regarding how we communicate with you or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices . You may choose to provide us with personal information ( such as name , contact details and payment information ) , such as : Contact information , such as your name , address , telephone number , and email address , and your title or occupation . Login and access credentials ( such as username and password ) for Lowe 's accounts . Payment information , such as your payment card number and expiration date . Date of birth . The geolocation of your device ( such as if you opt to use the " Find Near Me " feature of the mobile-optimized portion of our websites or our Mobile Applications ) . The unique ID number associated with certain Lowe 's accounts . Certain information about your Lowe 's purchases returns or exchanges . Personal information in communications and other content you submit , such as photographs , product information and details about your projects and property . Social media IDs , such as for Facebook or Twitter Personal information you submit in your capacity as an independent contractor of Lowe 's , such as gender , ethnicity and identification numbers such as your NRDS ID number . Personal information you submit in connection with a job application on the Career Website , such as your name , contact information , Social Security Number , date of birth , employment status , employment history , education information , references , rsum , immigration status and ability to work legally in the United States , driver license information , personal or family employment affiliation with Lowe 's , criminal record , and , on a voluntary basis for our Equal Employment Opportunity compliance purposes for jobs located in the US , gender , race and ethnic background . Back to Top When you use our Site , we may collect certain information by automated means , using technologies such as cookies , Web server logs , Web beacons and JavaScript . Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device . Our Site may use HTTP cookies , HTML5 cookies , Flash cookies and other types of local storage ( such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage ) . Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies . You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage Settings Panel . Please note , however , that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site or other websites and online services . In conjunction with the gathering of information through cookies , our Web servers may log information such as your device type , operating system type , browser type , domain , and other system settings , as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located . The Web server logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet . They also may log information about your interaction with this Site , such as which pages you visit . To control which Web servers collect information by automated means , we may place tags on our Web pages called " Web beacons , " which are small files that link Web pages to particular Web servers and their cookies . We also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details your interactions with the Site . We may use third-party Web analytics services on our Site , such as those of Google Analytics . These service providers use the technology described above to help us analyze how users use the Site . The information collected by the technology ( including your IP address ) will be disclosed to these service providers , who use the information to evaluate your use of the Site . To learn about opting out of Google Analytics , please click here . We may use the information collected through automated means to provide a better tailored shopping experience and for market research , data analytics and system administration purposes , such as to determine whether you 've visited us before or are new to the Site , and for compliance with our legal obligations , policies and procedures . We also may use this information to target custom content and ads to you on this and other websites , including as described in the Interest-Based Advertising section below . Back to Top If you elect to install the Mobile Applications , the information we collect may include the following : Your geographic location , including within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area . Information about your use of the Mobile Applications . The type of device you use and its operating system . Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier ) . IP address . Your use of mobile coupons in a Lowe 's transaction . This information will allow push notifications and other targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , and shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services . It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement . Back to Top If you elect to use the free Store Wi-Fi available at Lowe 's stores , we will collect information such as the following : The URLs and content of the pages you visit on any website ( e.g. , on yahoo.com or Lowes.com ) using your mobile device , and , on some websites , information you submit through online forms . The apps on your mobile device that use the Store Wi-Fi . Your geographic locations within a Lowe 's store and the surrounding area within the range of the Store Wi-Fi . How long you use the Store Wi-Fi at particular locations . The type of device you use and its operating system . Identification details of your device ( e.g. , unique device identifier and MAC address ) . Browser information and IP address . The address of the store where you use the Store Wi-Fi . This information will allow targeted marketing designed specifically for your shopping preferences such as specific coupons based upon the sites and pages you visited , special offers based upon areas in which you may be shopping in the store , including competitive offers based upon other websites that you may be viewing , shopping lists with specific items located for your convenience when you are shopping a particular store , as well as for other in-store mapping and routing services . It also may be used for the other purposes specified in this Privacy Statement . Back to Top Data about your activities online is being collected on our Site for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests . You may choose whether or not to have your information collected for that purpose . This section of the Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise that choice . You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks administered by third parties . These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means , including through the use of the technologies described in the Information We Collect By Automated Means section above , and they use this information to show you advertisements that are tailored to your individual interests . The information they collect includes information about your visits to our Site , such as the pages you have viewed . This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad network , such as sites that feature advertisements delivered by the ad network . This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts . To learn more about ad networks , including how to opt out , click here . Back to Top We may use the information we collect through the Site to : Provide , administer and communicate with you about products , services , events and promotions ( including by sending you newsletters , coupons and other marketing communications ) . Process , record and track your purchases , payments and rebates . Process , evaluate and respond to your requests , inquiries and applications . Manage our customer information databases . Operate registrations , including on MyLowe 's and Lowes.com . Administer contests , sweepstakes and surveys . Create , administer and communicate with you about your accounts . Customize your experience with our Site . Provide you with in-store navigation and mapping services . Allow you to find locations near you . With respect to personal information we collect through our Career Website , evaluate your application for employment and contact you regarding possible employment . Operate , evaluate and improve our business ( including developing new products and services ; managing our communications ; performing market research , data analytics and data appends ; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing ; analyzing our products , services and Site ; administering our Site ; and performing accounting , auditing , billing , reconciliation and collection activities ) . Protect against and prevent fraud , unauthorized transactions , claims and other liabilities , and manage risk exposure and quality . Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements , industry standards and our policies and terms , such as our Terms and Conditions of Use . We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of the collection . Back to Top We may share personal information we collect on the Site with certain service providers , some of whom may use the information for their own purposes . For example , ( i ) our websites may feature live chat functionality , and the information gathered in the chat feature may be collected by or shared with a provider such as LivePerson , whose privacy policies are available at www.liveperson.com/policies/privacy , ( ii ) information you submit on our Site in connection with a product review may be collected by or shared with a product review company such as Bazaarvoice , whose privacy policy is at www.bazaarvoice.com/privacy-policy and who may publish the information in locations not affiliated with Lowe 's , such as the website of the manufacturer of the product you review , and ( iii ) information submitted on our Careers Website is collected by or shared with the Careers Website provider , Kenexa , whose Privacy Policy is at www.kenexa.com/privacypolicy . We also may share your information among our affiliates , joint marketing partners and companies that fulfill orders placed with us , who may send you marketing information . In addition , we may share personal information we collect on the Site at your request . We may disclose information about you ( i ) if we are required to do so by law , regulation or legal process , such as a court order or subpoena ; ( ii ) in response to requests by government agencies , such as law enforcement authorities ; or ( iii ) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical , financial or other harm , injury or loss ; ( iv ) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity ; or ( v ) to assist in collecting debt owed by you . We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets ( including , without limitation , in the event of a reorganization , dissolution or liquidation ) . Should such a sale or transfer occur , we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement . Back to Top Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you by updating your profile within your Lowe 's authenticated account , using the settings pages on certain websites or contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below . To be removed from all of Lowe 's official email , telephone and postal mail marketing , choose one of the following options : email customercare @ lowes.com and type " REMOVE FROM ALL MARKETING " in the subject line ; call 1-800-44-LOWES ; or send your request by mail to :  Lowe 's Customer Care CON8 P.O . Box 1111 North Wilkesboro , NC 28659 For any of these options , please include your name , address , phone number and email address in the request , and let us know how you provided us with the information . Back to Top You may access the profile page of certain accounts you maintain on our Site to modify certain personal information associated with your profile and indicate certain communications preferences . Back to Top Where applicable , you may amend your preferences regarding how we communicate with you through email by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in an email you receive from us , by updating certain subscriptions within certain Lowe 's authenticated accounts , within settings pages or by contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below . To stop receiving newsletters from Lowes.com , you also may email customercare @ lowes.com with the phrase " REMOVE FROM NEWSLETTER LIST " in the subject line , and we will apply your preference to the email address from which you send us the request . Back to Top To exercise your preferences regarding the collection of data for targeted advertising , please follow the directions in the Interest-Based Advertising section above . Back to Top To stop the collection of information via Store Wi-Fi , disconnect from the Store Wi-Fi network . Please note that disconnecting from the Store Wi-Fi network will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Mobile Applications ' collection of your location . To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Mobile Applications section below . Back to Top To stop collection of information by the Mobile Applications , delete the applications from your device . To stop only the collection of information from the geolocation services available on your device ( such as your device 's GPS functionality ) , use your device 's settings to deactivate the Mobile Applications ' access to those services . Please note that deactivating this access will not prevent you from taking advantage of our Store Wi-Fi 's collection of your location . To deactivate that collection of information , follow the instructions in the Store Wi-Fi section above . Back to Top To exercise a choice under a prior version of this statement , contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section below . Back to Top Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code 1798.83 , if you are a California resident , you may ask us to provide you with ( i ) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and ( ii ) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year . To make such a request , please contact us as follows :  Lowe 's Customer Care Attn : Privacy Team California Marketing Choices CON8 P.O . Box 1111 North Wilkesboro , NC 28656 1-800-445-6937 Back to Top We maintain administrative , technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide on our Site against accidental , unlawful or unauthorized destruction , loss , alteration , access , disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing . Back to Top This Site contains links to other websites for your convenience and information . These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us . Linked websites , including those operated by Lowe 's , may have their own privacy notices , which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them . We are not responsible for the content of any websites that we do not control , any use of those websites or the privacy practices of those websites . Back to Top This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices or relevant laws . We will post a notice on Lowes.com and certain other parts of the Site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Statement and indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was updated . Back to Top We participate in the Council of Better Business Bureau 's BBBOnLine program . Further information about this program and its dispute resolution process is available at the Better Business Bureau 's website . Back to Top If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement , or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences , please contact us as indicated below . When you contact us about personal information we hold about you , please let us know where you provided us with the information . Lowe 's Customer Care Attn : Privacy Team CON8 P.O . Box 1111 North Wilkesboro , NC 28656 1-800-445-6937 customercare @ lowes.com 
Effective Date : May 7 , 2013 This Privacy Policy applies to personal and other information that may be collected when you interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise which consists of ( a ) Barnes & Noble , Inc. and its subsidiaries , including their respective businesses and operations ( collectively , " Barnes & Noble " ) ; ( b ) businesses and operations managed or operated by Barnes & Noble ; ( c ) websites owned , operated and managed by Barnes & Noble , including each website that links to this Privacy Policy , and any digital content stores operated by Barnes & Noble ( collectively , " Barnes & Noble Websites " ) ; and ( d ) Barnes & Noble 's devices , content and applications . Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble , and we believe that a single , comprehensive privacy policy that is straightforward and clear is in the best interests of our customers and our businesses . More detailed information about specific practices regarding Barnes & Noble and NOOK mobile devices ( " Devices " ) and mobile applications developed and maintained by Barnes & Noble and NOOK ( " Apps " ) is contained in the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement which is incorporated into , and subject to , this Privacy Policy . To review the prior version of Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy , please click here . By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble in the manner described in this Privacy Policy at any time , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection , storage , use and disclosure of all your personal and other information as described . Special Note : On October 4 , 2012 , Barnes & Noble underwent a corporate reorganization resulting in its digital and College businesses becoming owned by Barnes & Noble 's majority owned subsidiary NOOK Media LLC and its subsidiaries ( collectively " NOOK Media " ) . These current privacy policies and the privacy practices described herein apply to personal information previously collected from you by Barnes & Noble , Inc. and each of its subsidiaries , including NOOK Media , as well as personal information that they may collect from you in the future . Please be advised that NOOK Media intends to launch one or more of its own websites in the future for purposes of operating its digital and College businesses . NOOK Media expects to post privacy policies applicable to those websites when they are launched . Barnes & Noble reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time , but you can be assured that , should it be necessary to do so , we will always do so in accordance with the Barnes & Noble Privacy Principles of Clarity , Security and Integrity . You will be notified of any material changes to this Privacy Policy which are less protective of customer information prior to such changes becoming effective . We may notify you of these changes by email reminders , by notice on this site , or by other acceptable means . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . Clarity : We strive to communicate clearly about your privacy and how we handle your personal information . Security : We follow security standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information . Integrity : We do not sell or rent your personal information and respect your preferences with respect to your personal information . Below you will find answers to the following frequently asked questions about how we collect , use and share your personal information :  1 . What is the personal information that we collect ? 2 . Why do we collect personal information ? 3 . How do we collect your personal information ? 4 . How do we use personal information ? 5 . With whom do we share personal information ? 6 . How do we secure personal information ? 7 . How do we respect your choices about your personal information ? 8 . Whom do I contact if I have questions or concerns ? 9 . What other information about Barnes & Noble 's Privacy Policy would I want to know ? Depending on how you choose to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise , we may collect personal information from you , for example your name , e-mail address , billing address , shipping address , phone number , credit card information , date of birth and other persistent identifiers that can be used to personally identify you . If you rent , purchase or otherwise place orders for textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect your student or faculty identification number , financial aid number , your driver license number and information regarding courses you enroll in or teach . We may also collect other personal information regarding your interaction with Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps , including usage information , the items that you browse , purchase , download , read , watch and otherwise access , and your geographic location . For further details about personal information collected through Apps and Devices , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement . We collect your personal information in an effort to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business . It allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services , with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you . For more information as to why we collect personal information , please see the section below entitled : " How do we use your personal information ? "  Your personal information also allows us to communicate with you about special offers , promotions , and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you . You always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional emails by following the instructions included in each marketing email or by changing your preferences in your account . ( a ) Information that you provide to us As a general matter , you can browse in our stores and on the Barnes & Noble Websites without submitting your personal information to us , although we may receive and collect certain personal information automatically , as outlined in Section 3 ( b ) of this Privacy Policy , including site analytics regarding our websites , information your Internet browser automatically sends when you visit our websites , and information collected by cookies . Making a purchase or placing an order Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Emails Using specific features of your Device Contacting customer service Additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App Features Interacting with social networking sites Entering a sweepstakes or contest For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below . Making a purchase or placing an order When you make a purchase , rent or place an order in our stores , place an order online or purchase , download , rent or stream books , periodicals , movies , television shows and other digital content ( " Digital Content " ) , you may need to submit personal information to us . Creating an account or joining the Member Loyalty Program In order to use Devices , certain Apps and features of Barnes & Noble Websites , or to purchase or access Digital Content , you may be required to create a password-protected user account and provide us with personal information when you do so . Similarly , when you enroll in our Member Loyalty Program , we will ask you to submit personal information as part of your member profile . We will store and use this information to administer the programs and services in which you choose to participate , and as permitted by this Privacy Policy . Applying for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard When you apply for a Barnes & Noble MasterCard , you will need to submit personal information directly to the issuer of the MasterCard . Personal information that you provide directly to the issuer is subject to the bank 's privacy policies , practices and procedures , not Barnes & Noble 's . In addition , we disclose certain personal information to the issuer of the MasterCard in connection with the administration of the Barnes & Noble MasterCard program . The issuer does not have the right to use the personal information we provide beyond what is necessary to assist us or to administer this program . The issuer is contractually obliged to maintain the confidentiality and security of the personal information we provide and is restricted from using such information in any way not expressly authorized by us . Signing up for Invite-a-Friend Features Our Invite-a-Friend feature is located in various areas of certain Barnes & Noble Websites and within certain Devices . By clicking on ' Email ' or ' Find friends from contacts ' on your Device , customers can email a link to a friend which will invite the friend to view the Barnes & Noble Website page or attend the event described on that page . The ' Find friends from contacts ' feature on the Device may access the contacts you have entered into your Device in order to generate such emails . To remove yourself from these mailings , please call our Customer Service Center at 1-800-THE-BOOK ( 1-800-824-2665 ) . Individuals calling from abroad should call us at 1-201-559-3882 . Using specific features of Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps Barnes & Noble Websites , Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( either directly , or by authorizing Barnes & Noble to download the information from a third party such as a social networking website ) your information such as your contacts , calendar entries or photos , or images you may submit to us to help us locate products for you . For further details about personal information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement . Contacting Customer Service When you contact customer service , we may ask you to provide , or confirm , personal information so that we can better serve you . Additional Website , Device or App Features From time to time we may offer or provide new or additional Barnes & Noble Website , Device or App features and functionality . Such features or functionality may request or require you to submit personal information to us in order to use such feature or functionality . Entering a Sweepstakes or Contest If you enter a sweepstakes or contest we offer , we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can consider your entry and , if you win , so that you may redeem your prize . Interacting with Social Networking Sites Our Devices and Apps may provide you with the ability to enter ( directly , or by authorizing us to download the information from a third party such as a social networking site or application ) personal information such as contacts or lists of friends . These or related applications may also allow you to provide information directly to social networking sites including information about your purchases , physical location , or comments . However , we will not provide any of your information to social networking sites without your express consent . ( b ) Information automatically collected There are circumstances in which we automatically receive and collect information from you . The most common sources of this information include :  Cookies Pixel tags or clear Graphics Interchange Format files , known as GIFs Your Device or Apps you use Wireless networks operated by Barnes & Noble in retail stores Business partners , contractors , shared databases , and other third parties who may occasionally share information with us , including UltraViolet For your convenience , we have provided a summary description of each of these circumstances below . Information automatically collected when you visit Barnes & Noble Websites When you visit a Barnes & Noble Website , we automatically record information that your browser sends us . For example , we may receive and collect : the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet ; the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the computer you are using ; the date and time you access the Barnes & Noble Website ; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Barnes & Noble Website . We may also collect information regarding search queries run on the Barnes & Noble Website . We use this information to monitor the usage of the Barnes & Noble Websites and as necessary for our business . Information collected using cookies Like many online retailers , we and/or our third party providers use cookies to recognize you as you use or return to the Barnes & Noble Websites . This is done so that we can personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience . " Cookies " are small files that we place on your computer 's hard drive to collect information about your activities on a Barnes & Noble Website . Cookies help us to : ( 1 ) speed navigation , keep track of items in your shopping bag and provide you with content that is tailored to you ; ( 2 ) remember information you gave us so that you do not have to re-enter it ; ( 3 ) determine the effectiveness of some of our and our third party partners ' marketing efforts and communications ; and ( 4 ) monitor the total number of visitors , pages viewed , and the total number of banners displayed . Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically . You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed , or you can disable cookies entirely . If you disable cookies , however , you will not be able to place items in a Barnes & Noble Website shopping bag , and therefore you will not be able to place an order with us online . Also , by not using cookies , some Barnes & Noble Website features and services may not function properly . Additionally , we work with a third party service provider to help us better understand how you use the Barnes & Noble Websites . This third party service provider will place cookies on your computer to collect information such as how you were referred to the Barnes & Noble Website , how you navigated around the Barnes & Noble Website , what you purchased and what traffic is driven by banner ads and emails . This information will help us to better serve you and provide you with more personalized information and product offerings . We do not allow this third party service provider to collect your credit card information , e-mail address or password information . This third party service provider may only use your personal information to perform services for us and may not share your personal information with anyone else , or use it for any other purpose , except on an aggregated , non- personally identifiable basis . For more information , please view this third party 's privacy policy . You may choose to opt-out of this third party 's analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on such Barnes & Noble Website . To do so , please click here . By doing business with or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you consent to the use of the tracking technologies as described above . Information collected in connection with marketing e-mails and using pixel tags or clear GIFs To help us understand the effectiveness of certain of our communications and marketing efforts , we may use sensing technologies that use pixel tags or clear GIFs ( which are also called web beacons ) . These technologies allow us to determine the effectiveness of our e-mail and advertising and marketing efforts . For this purpose , we tie the pixel tags and clear gifs to personally identifiable information . We may also collect information regarding the links within such marketing materials that you click on and purchase statistics regarding items you buy following receipt of such marketing . Information collected from Devices or Apps When you use a Device or our Apps , we automatically collect information through the Device or App when it is connected to the Internet . For example , we may receive and collect information concerning device registration , settings , usage , firmware version , signal strength , search queries , network interaction , the name of the network from which you access the Internet , the Internet Protocol ( IP ) address of the device you are using , unique device identifiers ( UDIDs ) , downloads , sideloaded content , configuration , or service information relating to any malfunction of the Device or App . This may include information regarding your reading or , in the case of videos , viewing behavior on such Devices or Apps , such as books or videos opened , page turns , bookmarks , annotations , or customer reviews . In addition , to provide location-based services on Devices or through Apps , Barnes & Noble and third party application providers may automatically collect real-time geographic location information or other location-based information about you and your Device or other mobile device on which the App is installed . This information may be used to provide certain device or application functionality or to offer , provide and improve products and services . For more information about information collected through Devices and Apps , please read the Barnes & Noble Mobile Privacy Supplement . Information collected from outside sources We may collect personal information and other information about you from business partners , contractors and other third parties . This includes , but is not limited to , instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information . Such information may be collected via , but not limited to , software applications that you download or use on your Device or that otherwise allow you to interact with the Barnes & Noble enterprise . For example , if you link your UltraViolet account with your account with us , we may collect certain information regarding movies or television shows you have purchased from third parties as part of your UltraViolet collection of digital content . If you rent or purchase textbooks from Barnes & Noble College Booksellers , we may also collect information about you from your college or university . This information may be used for a number of purposes including providing our services to you , sending postal mail and e-mail , fulfilling orders , removing repetitive or unnecessary information from customer lists , analyzing data , providing marketing support , customer authentication , providing search results and links ( including paid listings and links ) , providing customer service and processing credit card payments . Information collected from UltraViolet If you link your account with us to your UltraViolet account , we may collect information regarding UltraViolet-enabled movies and television shows you have purchased from third party retailers . This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows from us that you have purchased from us from such third parties . For more information , please view the UltraViolet privacy policy located at www.uvvu.com . Information collected from visitors from outside the United States If you are visiting Barnes & Noble or a Barnes & Noble Website from outside the United States and provide us with personal information , please note that your personal information will be transferred , stored and processed within the United States . Additionally , Barnes & Noble may transfer your personal information to other countries , for example because a server or third party service provider is located there . The data protection and privacy laws of other countries , including the United States , may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country . Barnes & Noble will take appropriate steps to protect your information . By doing business or interacting with Barnes & Noble , you are consenting to the transfer , storage , and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the United States and other facility locations selected by Barnes & Noble . Barnes & Noble uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience and , as necessary , to administer our business . For example , we use your personal information to :  Provide you with products , services and information , including product and subject recommendations and other information in Barnes & Noble retail stores , through e-mails from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and on the Barnes & Noble Websites and online interactive communities , your Devices , Digital Content , Apps and software , and display associated content and advertising ;  Administer our programs ;  Provide customer service ;  Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure , maintain , protect , develop and improve our products and services ;  Administer sweepstakes , contests , promotions or surveys and provide appropriate notifications ;  Communicate with you about special offers , events , or new products or services that may be of interest to you ;  Customize and enhance the Barnes & Noble Websites and advertising ;  Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security , privacy , and administrative issues ; and Manage our business . Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority at Barnes & Noble . Barnes & Noble DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES provided that your data may be transferred to or shared with a third party as part of a sale , merger , or acquisition of Barnes & Noble or one of its affilliates ( see " Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions " below ) . Barnes & Noble shares your personal information with :  Other entities within the Barnes & Noble enterprise . Many of our customers purchase items from us both online and in our stores . In addition , Barnes & Noble owns and operates other operations and businesses and we share and use your personal information with our other business units and operations and may continue to do so even after such business units or operations are sold . We share your personal information within the Barnes & Noble enterprise ( i ) to help to ensure that you have a superior shopping or browsing experience no matter where you choose to shop or browse with us , ( ii ) to provide customer support and related services , ( iii ) to provide other services and products that might be of interest to you , ( iv ) to provide and/or manage certain cross-company promotions or programs ( e.g. to honor your Barnes & Noble Member Program rewards ) , ( v ) to facilitate purchases of Devices or content ( or other products ) from within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , ( vi ) if we provide you with in store services and/or customer support for Devices and content , ( vii ) in connection with our commercial arrangements and business relationships within the Barnes & Noble enterprise , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined to provide a comprehensive retail and digital content experience for our joint customers . Partners . We provide personal information to our partners that provide product and service offerings or technologies that we think may be of interest to you . Our partnerships may also result in products and services that allow you to publish Digital Content that may be shared with our partners . We may offer you the opportunity to opt-in to receive information from our partners , which may result in your personal information being shared with our partners . The use of your information by our partners and their vendors and contractors will be subject to the privacy policies of our vendors once such information is transferred . Microsoft Corporation . As part of our ongoing partnership with Microsoft Corporation ( " Microsoft " ) , we may share your personal information with Microsoft and its affiliates and subsidiaries under certain circumstances . If you consent to such sharing ( including , without limitation , in connection with using a Microsoft account ) , Microsoft may use your personal information to provide products and services to you related to your Device , Digital Content and Barnes & Noble and Microsoft services and products . These products and services may include , without limitation : ( i ) to enable purchases of Digital Content by you and provide Digital Content to you , ( ii ) to allow you to access , view and consume your Digital Content and provide related services to you , ( iii ) to publish certain Digital Content created by users and customers ( as may be more fully set forth in any applicable terms or policies related thereto ) , ( iv ) to create and manage cross company user accounts and applications related to your Devices and Digital Content , including in connection with the integration between the Microsoft user and ID systems and Microsoft commerce platform and our products and services , ( v ) to offer joint product or service offerings , ( vi ) to provide customer support , ( vii ) to provide information to you regarding Microsoft product and service offerings , and ( viii ) as otherwise reasonably determined by us . Please note that any information provided to Microsoft will be treated by Microsoft in accordance with its applicable privacy policies in effect from time to time . Please refer to Microsoft 's website for information related to Microsoft 's collection , use and sharing of information that it obtains . Service providers , subcontractors and agents who perform services on our behalf . We provide personal information to third party service providers , subcontractors , and agents that work under contract on our behalf to provide certain services . These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble . They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information . Third party providers of products and services . These are third parties that provide products and services you may purchase or request from or through us . These third parties do not have the right to use personal information we provide to them in any way that is not authorized by Barnes & Noble . They are contractually obligated to use such information only as necessary to assist us and to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information . UltraViolet . If you purchase UltraViolet-enabled movies or television shows from us , we may provide you with the opportunity to link your account with us to your UltraViolet account . This will enable you to download or stream movies or television shows that you have purchased from us from third party retailers who are part of the UltraViolet content ecosystem . For more information , please view the UltraViolet privacy policy located at www.uvvu.com . Third Party Membership Programs . We work with certain third party entities to help them administer their own membership or rewards programs by providing them with purchasing information about their customers who make purchase from Barnes & Noble . We disclose only the information that is necessary to make these third party programs work and to support your membership in them . This information usually includes your name and e-mail address as well as the dollar amount of the purchases made at Barnes & Noble . We require such entities to obtain your consent before we provide them with this information , which they usually do as part of their own membership or participation rules . Credit Card Companies . Credit card transactions are handled by third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors who receive credit card numbers and other personal information from us to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions . Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of this information is governed by this policy , the use of your information by the third party financial institutions and their vendors and contractors will be subject to their own privacy policies . Law enforcement officials and as required by law . Barnes & Noble may release personal information to third parties when we determine , in our judgment , that it is necessary to ( a ) comply with the law , regulation , legal process , or enforceable governmental request ; ( b ) enforce or apply the terms of any of our policies or user agreements ; or ( c ) protect the rights , property or safety of Barnes & Noble , our employees , our customers , users , or others . Co-branded offerings . In some instances , we may offer a service or feature that is co-branded by Barnes & Noble and a third party company . If you provide information in connection with such co-branded service or feature , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party . Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy . Other websites operated by Barnes & Noble . In some instances , we may operate a Barnes & Noble Website on behalf of a third party . If you provide information in connection with a Barnes & Noble Website operated by Barnes & Noble on behalf of a third party , that information may be shared between Barnes & Noble and the third party . Although Barnes & Noble 's treatment of the information is governed by this policy , the third party 's treatment of your information will be subject to the third party 's privacy policy . Your college or university . Barnes & Noble College Booksellers may offer the ability to rent or purchase products or services through financial aid , student loans or similar programs . We may share your information with your college or university , lenders or other providers in order to process payments if you choose these payment methods . Sales , Mergers , and Acquisitions . If Barnes & Noble becomes involved in a merger , acquisition , restructuring , reorganization , or any form of sale or other disposition of some or all of its assets , personal information and your transaction history may be provided to the entities and advisors involved subject to a confidentiality agreement , and we will provide notice to you at your email address on file before any personal information is finally transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Such a transaction may involve us ( i ) retaining the right to continue to use transferred personal information in addition to the right of the transferee to use such information , and ( ii ) engaging in additional transfers of personal information ( including new personal information ) with the transferee from time to time following such a transaction . To Fulfill Your Requests For Products or Services In connection with some Digital Content orders , in order to complete your transaction , we may need to forward your name , magazine , catalog or newspaper order , email address , and shipping or billing address to our content providers . The content providers will share your magazine , catalog or newspaper order information as well as your name and address , or name and e-mail and shipping or billing addresses with the magazine , catalog or newspaper publisher and magazine , catalog or newspaper circulation auditors . Magazine , catalog and newspaper publishers may use this information to fulfill your order and for other purposes . Your credit card information will not be shared with them . In connection with purchases of certain Digital Content , we may need to forward information about you ( including , for example , your Internet Protocol ( IP ) address ) to the Digital Content provider in order to enable you to download or purchase Digital Content from or through that provider . In each such instance , the Digital Content provider is obligated to use such information in accordance with its own privacy policy and applicable law . We take significant and appropriate security measures , including physical , technological and procedural measures , to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure . In addition , we use industry-standard technology , such as Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption technology in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information , designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information , and , as technology develops , we intend to take additional measures to improve security . We want you to feel confident whenever you visit us in our stores , on the Barnes & Noble Websites , or use Barnes & Noble Devices or Apps . While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards , processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information , you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats , viruses and intrusions from others and so we can not promise , and you should not expect , that we will be able to protect your personal information at all times and in all circumstances . When you interact with Barnes & Noble in certain ways , you may be eligible to receive certain marketing-related and promotional communications as well as special offers ( collectively " Promotional Communications " ) from Barnes & Noble that may include advertisements from third parties . The most common of these circumstances include :  Making a purchase or download or placing an order Creating an account Joining a Barnes & Noble online community Enrolling in our Member program Signing up for Newsletters Signing up with eBookstores operated by Barnes & Noble Entering a sweepstakes or a contest Where you have consented to receiving Promotional Communications from the Barnes & Noble enterprise , you may choose to opt-out at any time by following the instructions below . For Barnes & Noble Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here . For Barnes & Noble College Booksellers : At any time , a customer may choose to opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions . For barnesandnoble.com : Any account holder can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging onto their Account and following the instructions under " Communication Preferences " . If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions . For Barnes & Noble Member program : Any Member can opt-out of the receipt of any Member program promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account and following the instructions under " Change Your Communication Preferences. "  If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by selecting the link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail communication and following the instructions . For Barnes & Noble Educator program : Any Educator can opt-out of the receipt of any promotional communications by logging on to their barnesandnoble.com Account , clicking " Communication Preferences , " and following instructions under " Change Communication Preferences. "  If you do not have a barnesandnoble.com account , you may opt-out of the receipt of such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions . If no opt-out link exists reply to the email with the word " Remove " in the subject line , or by e-mailing our Customer Service Department by clicking here . For the Barnes & Noble Gift Card website : Any customer of the Barnes & Noble Gift Card website who receives promotional communications can opt-out of the receipt of any such communications by clicking on the opt-out link provided at the bottom of each e-mail and following the instructions or by sending an e-mail to giftcardprefs @ bn.com . For SparkNotes.com : Any SparkNotes.com customer who does not wish to receive promotional product and service communications can choose to remove their contact information from SparkNotes.com contact list by following the instructions listed on www.sparknotes.com . For Sterling Publishing : If , at any time , you wish to no longer receive ENewsletters from Sterling Publishing Co. , Inc. , Pixiq , Lark Crafts , and/or FlashKids.com , please click on the link for opt-out instructions contained at the bottom of each ENewsletter . You can change your personal information and your communication preferences when you follow this link . Even if you opt-out of receiving Promotional Communications , you may continue to receive e-mails relating to order confirmations , back order notifications , membership information , and/or other business-related communications . Note for Community Users Barnes & Noble provides you with the ability to access , correct , change or request deletion of the personal information in your community profile ( s ) at any time by following the instructions below . We will respond to all access requests within 30 days . However , you can not currently change your profile name although you may re-register and choose a new name . To review or modify your profile information , please click here . Please be advised that Barnes & Noble may archive information it collects on its community and visitors . Additionally , by participating in the Barnes & Noble online interactive community , and using Barnes & Noble 's various interactive offerings , including , the submission of customer reviews , or participation in the Barnes & Noble Book Clubs , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services . You may access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on Lark Crafts and Pixiq at any time . To review or modify your profile information , log in to larkcrafts.com or pixiq.com . Additionally , by using Lark Crafts and/or Pixiq 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , Lark Crafts , Pixiq , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services . You may also access , correct or change the personal information in your community profile ( s ) on SparkNotes.com at any time , except to change your username . To review or modify your profile information , log in to SparkNotes.com . Additionally , by using SparkNotes.com 's various interactive offerings , you agree to receive communications from Barnes & Noble , SparkNotes , other users , and moderators related to the provision of these services . We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations , resolve disputes , and enforce our agreements . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @ barnesandnoble.com or call customer service at 1-800-THE-BOOK [ 1-800-843-2665 ] . Barnes & Noble Policies for Minors , including children under the age of 13 . Barnes & Noble is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection , storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 13 , including the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . Except as noted below : ( i ) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults ; ( ii ) Individuals under the age of 18 ( " Minors " ) are not permitted to use Barnes & Noble Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian ; ( iii ) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the Barnes & Noble Websites ; and ( iv ) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Barnes & Noble Websites , we will remove that information as soon as possible . If we direct certain Devices features or Apps to Minors who may be under the age of 13 , we require the parent or legal guardian to provide verifiable consent to such Minor 's use of our products and services and our collection of personal information in connection with such use . In these cases , we require validation of credit card information already on file with us and we will then e-mail the master account holder to give notice that we have received such consent . If no credit card information is on file , or if the credit card is invalid , we will not register that you have consented . With your consent , we may collect , use and share information regarding Minors under the age of 13 consistent with this Privacy Policy . Please see the sections above for detailed information on how we do so . If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent , please contact privacy @ barnesandnoble.com . Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian , at your request , we will promptly provide to you information regarding what , if any , personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared . We will , at your request , remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same . Your access rights and updates to your information You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes . You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies rectified . Please note that , as permitted by law , we may charge a nominal fee for information requests and may require you to prove your identity . Following a request , we will use reasonable efforts to supply , correct or delete personal information about you in our files . Please address written requests and questions about this to privacy @ barnesandnoble.com . We will respond to all access requests within 30 days . Third Party Applications : We are not responsible for third party applications you may download and install on your Devices . While Barnes & Noble uses reasonable efforts to ensure that applications offered through our Application Stores meet compatibility and safety testing criteria , this Privacy Policy does not cover any data collection , use , or sharing by mobile device manufacturers , network service providers or third party application providers , unless such party has entered into a separate agreement with us as a business partner to share your personal information . In such a case , we would require our business partner to disclose their data collection and sharing practices with you , and obtain your prior affirmative consent . Our use of any shared data under such an agreement would then be governed by our privacy policy . All other collection of personal information by a third party application provider shall be subject to the terms of such provider 's privacy policy . Third Party Websites and Web-Tracking We may partner with third party distributors of advertisements to deliver advertisements about our products and services when you visit other websites across the Internet . These distributors of advertisements may place or access cookies on your computer which help us provide you with advertisements that are customized to your particular product preferences and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts . If you would like to learn more about the third party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit Barnes & Noble Websites , and to understand your choices about having such advertisers ' cookies turned off , please visit www.networkadvertising.org . Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising . You will continue to receive generic ads . Please understand that Barnes & Noble does not control these third party cookies , and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies . Whenever you click on links and banners on any Barnes & Noble Website that take you to a third party website , you will be subject to the third party 's privacy policies , not Barnes & Noble 's . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Barnes & Noble enterprise . In addition , our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Barnes & Noble . If you submit personal information to any of those sites , your information is governed by their privacy policies . We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit . Safe Harbor Barnes & Noble 's privacy policy has been reviewed by TRUSTe for transparency , accountability and choice for our collection and use of your personal information . If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices , please contact us at privacy @ barnesandnoble.com . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here . Barnes & Noble complies with the U.S. - E.U . Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use , and retention of personal data from , respectively , European Union member countries and Switzerland . Barnesandnoble.com LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Barnes & Noble 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor/ Terms of Use Any dispute between you and us regarding the privacy of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy and the terms of use or terms of service applicable to our product or service you use , including limitation on damages , resolution of disputes , and application of the law of the State of New York . Contact Information The address for Barnes & Noble is 122 Fifth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 . The address for NOOK Media is 76 Ninth Avenue , New York , NY 10011 
Last updated 9/17/12 H&M values you as a customer and respects your privacy . This website is operated by hm.com , and this privacy policy applies to any of H&M 's website that link to this policy ( collectively as Website ) . This Privacy Policy explains what personal information is collected through this Website , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded . By " personal information " , we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like preferences ) ( " personally identifying information " ) . Your access and use of the Website constitute your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use including any of their changes or revisions . We do not sell your information to any third party for any reason . Additionally , we do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties . We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of H&M with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf or to complete a transaction you authorized . All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform . This Privacy Policy addresses the following issues :  What personal information is collected at our website and how is it used ? How does this website interact with third-party web sites and content ? What information do we share with third parties ? What choices do you have over how your information is used ? What is the policy for visitors outside the U.S. ? How may I update my personal information ? How do we address Children 's privacy ? How do I know my personal information is secure ? Who may I contact with questions and concerns regarding this policy ? Because we continue to develop our Website and improve the service we provide , our policies will change over time . If you are registered with our Website , we may notify you by email of material changes of our Privacy Policy . You may exercise your choice about how we collect and use your information consistent with this Policy at any time . If you have any questions about our Policy , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) . Under California 's " Shine the Light " law , California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal , family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared , if any , with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses . If applicable , this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year ( e.g. , residents who makes the request in 2011 will receive information regarding 2010 sharing activities ) . To obtain this information , please send an e-mail message via http : //www.hm.com/us/contact with " Request for California Privacy Information " on the subject line and in the body of your message . We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response . Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the " Shine the Light " requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response . If you prefer to receive such information via regular first-class mail , please send a written request to the address below . H&M 8587 West Sunset Blvd . Suite 6.2 , West Hollywood , CA 90069 Attention Legal Department 1 . Information Collected Directly From You Through This Website We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with e-commerce websites . Examples of the information we collect include name , address , telephone number , age , size , gender , interests , personal preferences , demographical information , email address , credit card number , and purchase information . This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you open an account on the Website ; check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys , contests , or sweepstakes ; apply for the H&M Credit Card ; interact with H&M through special events ( apply for a job , communicate with Customer Service or respond to program offers ) ; partake in forums , bulletin boards or other online means for posting your comments , feedback , images , or content on the Website ; or browsing through contents of the Website . We may combine all of this with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners and from other unrelated third parties . We also collect information about those you knowwhen you provide it to us . For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders . We use this information to personalize your online experience at our Website : process your online orders ( including sending emails to confirm your order status and shipment date ) ; communicate with you about our products , services , contests , and promotions ( unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications ) ; improve our products and services ; analyze trends and statistics ; protect the security or integrity of our website and our business ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; notify you regarding surveys and contests ; enable you to post information on our Website ; facilitate online social activity centered around our products and services ; or enable you to interact with third-party content service providers whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment . If you e-mail a wish list to a friend , we will not retain the names or e-mail addresses of the recipient of your wish list . You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls . You will find instructions on opting out in our newsletters and on your online profile at My H&M. 2 . Technical Information Collected A. Navigational Information When you visit this Website , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate . B. Cookies and Related Technology To better understand what you do while on our Website , we use a browser feature known as a cookie . A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer . It is used to do things like see how you navigate our Website , and remember you and your online purchases when you return . This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history . We also use pixel tags ( also known as clear gifs or web beacons ) on our Website and in our emails . A pixel tag is an embedded graphic image on a web page , web-based document or e-mail message . The pixel tags is used to collect information about your visit , including the pages you view , which website you came from , the features you use , the links you click , and other actions you take in connection with the sites . Pixel tags in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience . This technology allows us to associate your online navigational or transactional information with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , and email address ) . As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag . That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart . We can also use this technology to determine whether you would be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences . The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes . You can disable or delete cookies by changing your browser settings . However , because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of H&M 's essential features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . For instance , if you block or otherwise reject our cookies , you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart , proceed to Checkout , or use any H&M products and services that require you to sign in . 3 . Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology Third-party service providers help us analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences , and may help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other websites ( often referred to as " online network advertising " ) . The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services . A. Analysis We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Websites , and web capabilities like embeddable widgets . They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Section 2 above ( Technical Information CollectedCookies and Related Technology ) . B. Advertising We contract with third-party advertising companies that , in turn , collect non-personally identifying information by placing cookies on your browser when you visit us here . These companies may use information ( not including your name , address , credit card information , e-mail address , or telephone number ) about your visit to deliver our ads on this and other websites through their online advertising networks . These companies also provide this information to us which we , in turn , use to gauge how effective our ads are . We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content . We do this for your convenience . We do not endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties . Whether their content appears within our web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Website for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience . Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices . Here 's a partial list of third-party sites or content that may appear on our Website : 1 . Interactive Maps We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of third party content providers so you can quickly retrieve information regarding location , hours of operation , and contact information for our stores . 2 . Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys . Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you are still in our Website environment . 3 . Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content . This may include easy click-through access or even " single-sign on " to these sites . The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites . 4 . Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us . If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Website through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership . 1 . Third Party Websites The above third-party websites and advertisers , or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf , may send advertisements that appear on our Website directly to your browser and may use cookies and/or other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content . We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use or the privacy policy of these advertisers and third-party Websites . Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices . 2 . Contractors We use third-party " back-office " contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale . They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , monitor website activity , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , administer and send mobile messages , and provide consulting and customer services . Contractors may also assist us in hosting micro sites and mobile websites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy . We do not authorize any of these service providers to make any other use or disclosure of your information . 3 . Public Safety , Law Enforcement and Fraud Prevention We may disclose specific information about our Website visitors to law enforcement entities , governmental agencies , courts or other entities , including credit reporting agencies if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to protect our customers , the public , or our business . We may do so when ( 1 ) permitted or required by law , ( 2 ) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions , or ( 3 ) investigating fraud that has already taken place . These entities may access and , if necessary , record your information to assist us with fraud prevention and detection . We will never authorize the release of your information to or by such entities for any other purpose . 4 . With Your Consent Other than as set out above , you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties , and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information . Please note that when you make an online purchase from us , we will confirm your order status and shipment by email . We may also need to contact you via telephone , email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order . You can always choose not to provide information , even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of features on the Website such as creating your profile , wish lists , and customer reviews . We use an opt-in standard for phone and text messages . Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent . We use an opt-out standard for all other communications . Opt-out means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to . The above preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partners . You can always log into your online account at any time to change your preferences , including whether to opt-in or opt-out of certain services , or by contacting customer service . If you modify your preferences on whether to receive emails , mobile messages or other promotional materials from us , it may take up to a few weeks to process your request , during which time you will continue to receive communications from H&M. 1 . Email If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of our email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of the email messages we send you to complete the removal . This will stop future email offers from us , but will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications . 2 . Mobile Messaging We will not contact you via telephone or text message without your express consent by opting in . If you 've signed up for mobile messaging ( e.g. , SMS and MMS ) offers but later decide you no longer wish to receive them , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message . Go to MY H&M and adjust your preferences to remove yourself from our SMS/MMS list . 3 . Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising You may always choose to block cookies or clear cookies from your computer . Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies . Note that blocking cookies may not block the " first-party " cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site . By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our site ( as opposed to ads on an online advertising network of third-party websites ) . Clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time . Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies . Many websites , including this Website , rely on cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect . 4 . Our Affiliates If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates please click here to contact us and request not to have your information shared . This is a U.S. e-commerce site . This Privacy Policy governs the information collected at this site irrespective of where you are located when you access it , browse it , interact with it , and make purchases through it ( including those that are shipped to addresses outside the U.S. ) . Moreover , governmental bodies that have jurisdiction ( e.g. , courts and law enforcement agencies ) may be entitled to access your personal information . This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States . Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States . Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience . If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy . In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States and in Sweden , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction . By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data from your geographic location to our servers located in the United States and in Sweden . As a global company , H&M has separate privacy policies for its international websites in different regions of the world . When you give us personal information on a website or in a store , the information may be sent to servers outside of the country where you provided the information . H&M takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any privacy policy that applies to an H&M international site or store where you provided your information . H&M.com is a participant in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ( E.U. ) . We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date . You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information by logging onto MY H&M . You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by calling us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) . Children are not eligible to use our Websites . We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with their parents or guardians . Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to H&M . If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Website , and H&M becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible . If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent , please contact us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) or by e-mail http : //www.hm.com/us/contact and we will remove the information about the individual immediately . HOW DO I KNOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SECURE ? We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience . We have in place certain physical , electronic , contractual , and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information . We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us . To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information , look at the tool bar or lower left-hand or right-hand corner of your browser . If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock ( depending upon your browser ) , then SSL is active . To double-check for security , look at the URL or Location line of your browser . If you have accessed a secure server , the first characters of the address in that line should change from " http " to " https. "  If for any reason you can not access the secure server , or if you 're not quite comfortable shopping online at our Website , please contact our customer service for assistance . To protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer , be sure to close the browser and sign off the computer when finished using a shared computer . We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information . For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewalls , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , H&M can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps . Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites . Your Online Account When setting up an online account at any of our websites , you will be prompted to select a password . The retrieval of personal information relating to you and your order history is only available to you if you provide the correct password that you have created , and all profile information , including your address book , is only available while you are logged in to your account . After providing your password , you can edit or delete your information at any time through the " my account " page . If you forget your password and notify us , a new password will be assigned and emailed to your email address . We will not give passwords out over the phone , nor will we email them to a different address than the one used to register . Your address book , located in the " my account " page of each website , is your personal storage space . We do not use the information in your address book to send email promotions or catalogs by mail . If you receive a suspected fraudulent email that makes use of the H&M name , please contact us via email by clicking here or call us TOLL-FREE at 855- HNM SHOP ( 855-466-7467 ) . H&M retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose ( s ) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws . Your consent to such purposes ( s ) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you . If H&M should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if H&M should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of H&M business , H&M may be required to disclose or transfer your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties . It is H&M 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions . H&M can not , however , guarantee that H&M 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if H&M is sold or merges with another company . If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us at http : //www.hm.com/us/contact . Our Legal Services administers this policy . You may write to this person at : H&M 215 Park Avenue South , Floor 15 , New York , NY 10003 , attention Legal Department . 
Privacy Policy Last modified : December 20 , 2013 ( view archived versions ) There are many different ways you can use our services - to search for and share information , to communicate with other people or to create new content . When you share information with us , for example by creating a Google Account , we can make those services even better - to show you more relevant search results and ads , to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier . As you use our services , we want you to be clear how we 're using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy . Our Privacy Policy explains :  What information we collect and why we collect it . How we use that information . The choices we offer , including how to access and update information . We 've tried to keep it as simple as possible , but if you 're not familiar with terms like cookies , IP addresses , pixel tags and browsers , then read about these key terms first . Your privacy matters to Google so whether you are new to Google or a long-time user , please do take the time to get to know our practices - and if you have any questions consult this page . Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users - from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak , to more complex things like which ads you 'll find most useful or the people who matter most to you online . We collect information in two ways :  Information you give us . For example , many of our services require you to sign up for a Google Account . When you do , we 'll ask for personal information , like your name , email address , telephone number or credit card . If you want to take full advantage of the sharing features we offer , we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Google Profile , which may include your name and photo . Information we get from your use of our services . We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them , like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content . This information includes :  Device information We may collect device-specific information ( such as your hardware model , operating system version , unique device identifiers , and mobile network information including phone number ) . Google may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Google Account . Log information When you use our services or view content provided by Google , we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs . This may include :  details of how you used our service , such as your search queries . telephony log information like your phone number , calling-party number , forwarding numbers , time and date of calls , duration of calls , SMS routing information and types of calls . Internet protocol address . device event information such as crashes , system activity , hardware settings , browser type , browser language , the date and time of your request and referral URL. cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your Google Account . Location information When you use a location-enabled Google service , we may collect and process information about your actual location , like GPS signals sent by a mobile device . We may also use various technologies to determine location , such as sensor data from your device that may , for example , provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers . Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number . This number and information about your installation ( for example , the operating system type and application version number ) may be sent to Google when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers , such as for automatic updates . Local storage We may collect and store information ( including personal information ) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage ( including HTML 5 ) and application data caches . Cookies and anonymous identifiers We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a Google service , and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device . We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners , such as advertising services or Google features that may appear on other sites . How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide , maintain , protect and improve them , to develop new ones , and to protect Google and our users . We also use this information to offer you tailored content - like giving you more relevant search results and ads . We may use the name you provide for your Google Profile across all of the services we offer that require a Google Account . In addition , we may replace past names associated with your Google Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services . If other users already have your email , or other information that identifies you , we may show them your publicly visible Google Profile information , such as your name and photo . When you contact Google , we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing . We may use your email address to inform you about our services , such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements . We use information collected from cookies and other technologies , like pixel tags , to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services . For example , by saving your language preferences , we 'll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer . When showing you tailored ads , we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories , such as those based on race , religion , sexual orientation or health . We may combine personal information from one service with information , including personal information , from other Google services - for example to make it easier to share things with people you know . We will not combine DoubleClick cookie information with personally identifiable information unless we have your opt-in consent . We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy . Google processes personal information on our servers in many countries around the world . We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live . Transparency and choice People have different privacy concerns . Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect , so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used . For example , you can :  Review and control certain types of information tied to your Google Account by using Google Dashboard . View and edit your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and across the web , such as which categories might interest you , using Ads Settings . You can also opt out of certain Google advertising services here . Use our editor to see and adjust how your Google Profile appears to particular individuals . Control who you share information with . Take information out of many of our services . You may also set your browser to block all cookies , including cookies associated with our services , or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us . However , it 's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled . For example , we may not remember your language preferences . Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others . Remember that when you share information publicly , it may be indexable by search engines , including Google . Our services provide you with different options on sharing and removing your content . Accessing and updating your personal information Whenever you use our services , we aim to provide you with access to your personal information . If that information is wrong , we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it - unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes . When updating your personal information , we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request . We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive , require disproportionate technical effort ( for example , developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice ) , risk the privacy of others , or would be extremely impractical ( for instance , requests concerning information residing on backup systems ) . Where we can provide information access and correction , we will do so for free , except where it would require a disproportionate effort . We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction . Because of this , after you delete information from our services , we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems . Information we share We do not share personal information with companies , organizations and individuals outside of Google unless one of the following circumstances applies :  With your consent We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google when we have your consent to do so . We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If your Google Account is managed for you by a domain administrator ( for example , for Google Apps users ) then your domain administrator and resellers who provide user support to your organization will have access to your Google Account information ( including your email and other data ) . Your domain administrator may be able to :  view statistics regarding your account , like statistics regarding applications you install . change your account password . suspend or terminate your account access . access or retain information stored as part of your account . receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . restrict your ability to delete or edit information or privacy settings . Please refer to your domain administrator 's privacy policy for more information . For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us , based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures . For legal reasons We will share personal information with companies , organizations or individuals outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access , use , preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to :  meet any applicable law , regulation , legal process or enforceable governmental request . enforce applicable Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations . detect , prevent , or otherwise address fraud , security or technical issues . protect against harm to the rights , property or safety of Google , our users or the public as required or permitted by law . We may share aggregated , non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners - like publishers , advertisers or connected sites . For example , we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services . If Google is involved in a merger , acquisition or asset sale , we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Information security We work hard to protect Google and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration , disclosure or destruction of information we hold . In particular :  We encrypt many of our services using SSL . We offer you two step verification when you access your Google Account , and a Safe Browsing feature in Google Chrome . We review our information collection , storage and processing practices , including physical security measures , to guard against unauthorized access to systems . We restrict access to personal information to Google employees , contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us , and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations . Application Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google Inc. and its affiliates , including services offered on other sites ( such as our advertising services ) , but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy . Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals , including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results , sites that may include Google services , or other sites linked from our services . Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services , and who may use cookies , pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads . Enforcement We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy . We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks . When we receive formal written complaints , we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up . We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities , including local data protection authorities , to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we can not resolve with our users directly . Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time . We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent . We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and , if the changes are significant , we will provide a more prominent notice ( including , for certain services , email notification of privacy policy changes ) . We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review . Specific product practices The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Google products and services that you may use :  Chrome and Chrome OS Books Wallet Fiber 
Privacy Statement DX undertakes to collect Your Data by means that are : Fair Legal Transparent If you visit DX 's web-site , your web-browser automatically discloses , and DX 's web-server automatically logs , the following information : the date and time , the IP address from which you issued the request , the type of browser and operating system you are using , the URL of any page that referred you to the page , the URL you requested , and whether your request was successful . This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you . Any additional data that you provide , e.g. in a web-form , may also be logged . This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you . Any additional data that your web-browser automatically provides may also be logged . This will be the case , for example , if your browser has previously been requested to store data on your computer in ' cookies ' and submits them each time you request a web-page within a particular domain ( such as DX.com ) . This data may or may not be sufficient to identify you . If you disclose personal data to DX in conjunction with an identifier such as your name or your contact details ( such as your e-mail address ) , DX will collect Your Data . Moreover , any data that becomes available to DX through any of the means described in the preceding paragraphs may be able to be associated with that identifier , and hence become Your Data . Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes to collect Your Data from you and not from other parties . This undertaking is qualified as follows :  Where DX reasonably considers that the protection of its financial interests requires that it gather Your Data from other sources , or from additional sources . This applies in particular where DX has a lending exposure to you , and seeks information about your creditworthiness ;  Where DX reasonably considers that its capability to deliver quality services to you will be materially enhanced by gathering Your Data from other sources . This applies in particular to consumer profile data . Where DX collects Your Data from sources other than you , it undertakes :  To do so only by legal means ;  To do so only with your Consent ; and To declare to you what sources it uses , and under what circumstances . DX undertakes to declare the purpose of collection in a manner which is clear and meaningful , and to avoid vague , highly inclusive statements such as ' to support our operations ' . DX undertakes to store Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity . DX undertakes to store Your Data only in jurisdictions where data protections are at least equivalent to those required under the OECD Guidelines . DX undertakes to transmit Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorized access , alteration or deletion , at a level commensurate with its sensitivity . DX undertakes to implement appropriate measures to ensure security of Your Data against inappropriate behavior by DX 's staff-members and contractors . These include :  Training for staff in relation to privacy ;  Access control , to limit access to Your Data to those staff and contractors who have legitimate reasons to access it ;  Particularly in the case of sensitive data , audit trails of accesses , including the identities of staff and contractors accessing the data ;  Reminders to staff and contractors from time to time about the importance of data privacy , and the consequences of inappropriate behavior ;  Declaration of appropriately strong sanctions that are to be applied in the event of inappropriate behavior Clear communication of policies and sanctions ; and Processes to audit , to investigate and to impose sanctions . Use refers to the application of Your Data by any part of DX , or any staff-member or contractor of DX in the course of their work . DX undertakes to use Your Data only for :  The purposes for which it was collected ;  Such other purposes as are subsequently agreed between DX and You ;  Such additional purposes as may be required by law . In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the use has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and Such additional purposes as are authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) . DX undertakes to use Your Data only if it has demonstrable relevance to the particular use to which it is being put . DX undertakes to use Your Data in such a manner as to take into account the possibility that it is not of sufficient quality for the purpose , e.g. because it is inaccurate , out-of-date , incomplete , or out-of-context . Disclosure refers to making Your Data available to any party other than DX and You . The term disclosure may include many different conditions of data transfer , including selling , renting , trading , sharing and giving . DX undertakes to disclose Your Data only under the following circumstances :  In the course of business being conducted between You and DX , where disclosure is necessary to a contractor , such as payment processors like PayPal and transportation companies . Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;  In other circumstances that are directly implied by the purpose agreed between You and DX at the time of data collection or subsequently . Where Your Data is disclosed in this way , DX undertakes to exercise control over DX 's contractors to ensure that their actions are compliant with these Terms ;  With your consent , or at your request ;  Where required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena . In these circumstances , DX will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the disclosure has occurred , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ;  Where permitted by law ( e.g. the reporting of suspected breach of the criminal law to a law enforcement agency ; and in an emergency , where DX believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure of Your Data will materially assist in the protection of the life of health of some person ) , provided that DX will apply due diligence to ensure that the exercise of the permission is justifiable . In all cases , DX undertakes to disclose only such of Your Data as is necessary in the particular circumstances . Subject to the qualifications immediately below , DX undertakes : To retain Your Data only as long as is consistent with its purpose ; and To destroy Your Data when its purpose has expired , and to do so in such a manner that Your Data is not subsequently capable of being recovered . This undertaking is qualified as follows :  Your Data may be retained in DX 's logs , backups and audit trails within short-term retention cycles that are devised to protect the company 's operations . In such cases , Your Data will be destroyed in accordance with those cycles ;  Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if that is required by law , such as a provision of a statute , or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena , or a warning by a law enforcement agency that delivery of a court order is imminent . In these circumstances DX :  Will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that Your Data is being retained , unless it is precluded from doing so by law ; and Will only retain Your Data while that provision is current , and will then destroy Your Data ;  DX follows all of the existing Google 's Remarketing Privacy Guidelines , Policies , and Restrictions . DX uses Analytics data and the DoubleClick cookie to serve ads based on your prior visits to DX.com . You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics Opt-out page . Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if it is authorized by law ( in particular to protect DX 's interests , e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfill your undertakings to DX or have committed a breach of the criminal law ) . In these circumstances , DX will only retain Your Data while that situation is current and will then destroy Your Data . DX undertakes to provide you with access to Your Data , subject to only such conditions and processes as are reasonable in the circumstances . In particular , DX undertakes to enable access :  Conveniently Without unreasonable delay Without cost DX undertakes to establish and operate identity authentication protections for access to Your Data that are appropriate to its sensitivity , but practical . This may involve some inconvenience ; for example , relatively straightforward procedures may be involved in order to provide you with access through a channel that you have previously registered with DX ( such as a particular email-address ) , but may impose more onerous procedures if you wish to use some other channel . In the event that you dispute some aspect of Your Data , DX undertakes to take reasonable steps in relation to the amendment , supplementation or deletion of Your Data . You undertake :  Not to seek access for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently ;  To accept that deletion of some data may not be consistent with the provision of particular services by DX to you . DX undertakes to make information available to you about the manner in which DX handles your data : In general terms , in a readily accessible manner In more specific terms , on request Where Your Data is disclosed to a contractor , DX undertakes to make information available to you on request about the manner in which DX 's contractors handle your data . DX undertakes to ensure that the information provided is meaningful and addresses your concerns . You undertake :  Not to seek such information for frivolous purposes , or unreasonably frequently To accept that the disclosure of excessive detail may harm the security of Your Data and DX 's business processes , and may harm DX 's commercial interests . If you have enquiries , general concerns , or complaints about these Terms , or about DX 's behavior in relation to these Terms , you undertake : To communicate them in the first instance : To DX only In sufficient detail Through a channel made available by DX for that purpose DX undertakes : To provide one or more channels for communications to DX , which are convenient to users To promptly provide acknowledgement of the receipt of communications , including the provision of a copy of the communication , the date and time it was registered , and DX 's reference-code for the communication ; To promptly provide a response to the communication , in an appropriate and meaningful manner . You further undertake to not pursue DX through any Regulator or the media :  Until and unless DX has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to the initial communication ; and While DX and you remain are conducting a meaningful dialogue about the matter . DX declares that its undertakings in these Terms are intended to create legal obligations , and that those obligations are intended to be enforceable under appropriate laws in appropriate jurisdictions . These include laws relating to data protection , privacy , fair trading , corporations and criminal laws . You undertake to seek enforcement only in a jurisdiction that is relevant to the transactions that have taken place between You and DX , in particular the jurisdiction in which you live or in which you performed the relevant acts , and the jurisdiction in which DX is domiciled or performed the relevant acts . If you wish to discover the relevant laws in any particular jurisdiction , DX draws your attention to the following resources :  World LII Privacy Links Compilation of [ U.S. ]  State and Federal Privacy Laws , Privacy Journal , Providence RI Privacy Law Sourcebook 2004 , EPIC , Washington DC the Australian Privacy Foundation 's pages :  International Instruments Relating to Privacy Law Privacy Laws of Countries of the World Privacy Laws of the Commonwealth of Australia Privacy Laws of the States and Territories of Australia Privacy International DX undertakes : Not to materially change these Terms in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ; To take all possible steps to prevent any company that acquires this company or any of its relevant assets from materially changing the Terms applicable to Your Data in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data ; Where it is considering making changes to these Terms , or creating more specific Terms relating to specific services , to consult with appropriate representative and advocacy organizations ; Where it makes changes to these Terms , to ensure that the differences between successive versions are readily accessible ; To maintain all prior versions of these Terms in such a manner that they are dated , and readily accessible . DX means DX.com . Your Data means data that is capable of being associated with you , whether or not it includes an explicit identifier such as your name or customer number . In particular , it encompasses all data that DX is capable of correlating with you , using such means as server-logs and cookie-contents . Your Data does not refer to data that can no longer be associated with you . This includes aggregated data that does not and can not identify the individuals whose data are included in the aggregation . Consent means your concurrence with an action to be taken by DX . Consent may be express or implicit , but in either case must be informed and freely-given . 
J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc . Privacy Policy ( rev . 08/22/12 ) The following Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices for jcp retail stores and jcp.com See " Changes To This Policy " for a description of the most recent revisions . at jcpenney your privacy is a priority We value the trust you place in jcpenney . Accordingly , we want you to understand what information we collect about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place to protect it . table of contents the information we collect using the information we collect information we share with others safeguarding the Information we collect your choices regarding the use of information we collect postal mail emails mobile marketing sharing with other companies notice to California residents your California privacy rights updating your jcpenney contact information your jcpenney credit card account online security unauthorized charges our use of cookies and web beacons aggregate children 's privacy links to other sites international customer privacy changes to this policy Whenever you shop in our stores , or at jcp.com , we obtain from you the information we need to complete your transaction . This information may include your name , address , telephone number , driver 's license number , birth date , and email address . If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check , it will include your account number . If you register with jcp.com or sign up to receive mobile or email updates from jcpenney , we will collect the information you submit . If you choose to use or participate in one of our various services , promotions , programs , surveys , sweepstakes or clubs , we may collect additional information about you . From your transactions and other interactions with us , we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use . We may also obtain information about other people from you . For example , if you order a gift to be delivered directly to a friend , you would need to give us the friend 's name and address . We receive information from other companies . For example , if you have a jcpenney credit card , we receive application and account information from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , the company that owns and administers jcpenney credit accounts ( see the " your jcpenney credit account " section of this policy for additional information ) . We also collect consumer information from third-party providers in order to improve the accuracy of our customer database or increase our understanding of our customers . For example , we get updated addresses from the National Change of Address ( NCOA ) service , licensed by the U.S. Postal Service , to assist us in having the correct addresses for our customers . We work with certain websites to present advertising to known groups of our customers when they visit those websites . This practice , referred to as " data matching " is facilitated by a third-party service provider for jcpenney and the advertising website . This practice avoids direct sharing of any personal data with the advertising website . Data received back through this process is used to analyze the effectiveness of such advertising to groups of customers . We use the information we collect for various purposes , including : completing your purchase transactions providing the services you request contacting you about the status of your store or jcp.com orders responding to your customer service inquiries or requests notifying you of product recalls or providing other information concerning products you have purchased helping to protect against fraudulent use of your personal information sending you direct mail offerings sending you email communications administering customer recognition programs , sweepstakes , contests and similar promotions identifying your product and service preferences , so that you can be informed of new or additional products , services , and promotions that might be of interest to you providing mobile marketing and service messages when requested inviting you to participate in surveys improving merchandise selections , customer service , and the overall customer shopping experience jcp family : We share information we collect with affiliated companies and licensees ( like the optical and photography departments in jcpenney retail stores ) within the jcp family of businesses . service providers : We provide information to other companies that provide support services that help us bring you the products and services we offer , market our products and services , or process your transactions . For instance we share information with our international fulfillment service provider , FiftyOne , for the purpose of facilitating the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally . We also provide information to GECRB and other service providers in connection with the jcpenney credit programs . third-party offers : We provide information to responsible outside companies . These carefully selected companies may use the information we share to let you know about their products or services , which may include providing special offers to you . promotion sponsors : If you enter a contest , sweepstakes or other promotion sponsored or co-sponsored by a third-party company , we may forward information about you to that company . others : On rare occasions , we may be required to disclose the information we collect pursuant to lawful requests , such as subpoenas or court orders , or in compliance with applicable laws . We may also disclose that information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to protect the rights , interests and property of jcpenney or others , and to protect the safety of customers , associates or others . This may include sharing information with other companies , attorneys , credit bureaus , agents or governmental agencies in connection with issues related to fraud , credit or debt collection . Also , if the ownership of all or part of a business within the jcp family were to change , information about customers pertinent to that business 's operations would likely be transferred to , or licensed for use by , the new owner . The applicable member of the jcp family might also retain a copy of that information . Whether you are shopping online or in our stores , protecting your personal information is important to us . We have appropriate physical , technical and procedural safeguards in place to secure the personal information we collect from you . We limit the information we provide to outside companies to only information we believe is appropriate to enable them to carry out their responsibilities under our contracts or to offer you their products and services . We contractually require that they have appropriate information security safeguards , and that the information provided be used only for the specifically authorized purpose . postal mail If you do not want to receive promotional mail ( postcards , etc. )  from jcpenney , you may : write to us at J.C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX. 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com emails If you are currently receiving promotional email offers and updates from jcpenney , you may unsubscribe at any time . You can click on the hyperlink shown in jcp.com email offers and follow the instructions . If you have registered on jcp.com , you can cancel your email subscription by accessing jcp.com , then : Click on my account Log in Click on email + mobile preferences Check no to " Would you like to receive email offers ? You may also write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations , call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email offers and updates , we may still contact you by email for transactional purposes . Some examples are communications regarding your order status , jcp rewards if you are a member , customer service inquiries , service or reminder notices , and recalls . mobile marketing messages If you are currently receiving marketing text messages from jcpenney , you may tell us to stop sending them by using the opt-out functionality contained in the next marketing text message you receive . After we receive your opt-out , we will send you a final text message to confirm the opt-out . If you prefer that we : NOT share information about you with any of the companies outside the jcp family that we have authorized to contact you regarding their products or services , or NOT share your jcpenney credit account history information with affiliated companies within the jcp family Please let us know by : writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations , calling us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com Under California law , a California resident with whom jcpenney has an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information jcpenney has shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes , and the identities of those third parties , within the immediately preceding calendar year , subject to certain exceptions . All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to : J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301 . Attention : Corporate Customer Relations . This same California law permits jcpenney to provide you , in response to your written request , with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information . You may exercise that choice by any of the means described under sharing with other companies . You can update or correct your name , address , telephone number , or email address by : writing to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations calling us at 1.800.322.1189 or emailing us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com If you have an account under one of the JCPenney Credit programs from GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , a separate privacy policy applies to each program . The privacy policy describes GECRB 's collection , use , and protection of information about you and your JCPenney Credit account . To obtain GECRB 's privacy policy for your JCPenney Credit account , you may :  click here to view GECRB 's privacy policies in connection with JCPenney Credit programs write to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O . Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 , or , call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )  You can update or correct your name , address , or telephone number for your JCPenney Credit account , or check the status of your account by :  click here to access your jcpenney credit account information on-line writing to JCPenney Credit Services/GECRB at P.O . Box 965007 , Orlando , FL 32896-5007 call 1.800.542.0800 ( Puerto Rico , US Virgin Islands and Guam residents call 1.800.981.8400 )  online security Secure Socket Layering ( SSL ) technology is used to encrypt your credit or debit card information , including the account number , while it is transmitted over the Internet from your computer . SSL is an industry standard technology for secure online transactions . unauthorized charges If unauthorized charges ( as determined by your card issuer ) are made on your credit or debit card as a result of purchases made on jcp.com utilizing our secure servers , jcpenney will reimburse you for up to $ 50 of any amounts you are required to pay by the card issuer . Also , under the Fair Credit Billing Act , your credit card provider can not hold you liable for more than $ 50 of unauthorized charges on a credit card . Your liability for unauthorized use of a debit card may be higher , but many debit card issuers voluntarily apply the $ 50 limit to their cards as well . Remember : In the event of unauthorized use of your credit or debit card , you must promptly notify the card issuer pursuant to its reporting rules and procedures . cookies- We or our service providers use " cookies " to collect and analyze information about your browsing and buying activity on our site . A cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer . When you arrive at jcp.com , cookies allow us to recognize you by an identification number in the cookie with the information that you as a customer have provided us . If you register with us at jcp.com , your e-mail address is saved in your cookie . We do not store your name ( unless it is part of your email address ) , street address or credit card number in your cookie . Cookies allow us and our service providers to understand how you clicked to our site and what pages you click on during your visit to our site . Knowing how you prefer to shop allows us to improve your shopping experience and speed your checkout process . Accepting cookies through your web browser is your personal choice . If you use the privacy settings on your web browser to disable cookies , you can still browse jcp.com , but you may not have as exceptional a shopping experience as one that is specifically tailored to your needs . However , if you block cookies you will not be able to make a purchase on jcp.com . web beacons - A web beacon ( also called a pixel tag or a clear gif ) is a tiny graphic image placed on web site pages or in our emails that allows us to determine whether you have performed specific actions . When you access those pages or open email messages , the web beacons generate a notice of that action to us , or our service providers . We use that information to analyze what our visitors like to do on our site and the effectiveness of our features and advertising , as well as interactions with our e-mail advertising . jcpenney uses service providers to assist in the collection and analysis of this information . The service providers that assist us with our e-mail advertising may access your e-mail address through these web beacons in connection with the services they perform for us . For example , they may look to see if you received an email message from us prior to making a purchase on jcp.com . Our contracts with our service providers require them to limit their use of such information to the purposes authorized by us . coremetrics Coremetrics furnishes services to jcpenney that assist in the collection and analysis of your browsing and buying activity on jcp.com . To perform some of these analytical services , Coremetrics collects information from a cookie placed by jcp.com . You may choose to opt-out from this data collection . Your choices with respect to this data collection are set forth below . The Anonymous Visitor setting will apply to you unless you choose to opt-out . anonymous visitor setting allows Coremetrics to anonymously capture your basic site actions and to include the data in Coremetrics reporting . All actions are grouped within metrics for all other anonymous visitors . Anonymous visitors , click here . total opt-out . Your data is not collected by Coremetrics data collection front-end servers , and consequently is not included in Coremetrics reporting . To opt-out , click here . cancel opt-out setting will again allow Coremetrics to capture all web actions , and includes the data collected in Coremetrics reporting . To cancel opt-out , click here . Click here to view your current coremetrics opt-out status other web site analytics services - Google Analytics and Omniture provide services that analyze information regarding visits to certain portions of jcp.com that are operated for us by third parties , such as our Sports Fan Shop , Bali , and Levelor blinds and shades , and personalized jewelry pages . They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information . To learn more about Google Analytics ' privacy practices or to opt out of having information about your site visit sent to Google Analytics , click here . To learn more about Omniture 's privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting by Omniture , click here . online behavioral advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements ( e.g. banners or links ) on our behalf on other web sites , and to perform tracking and reporting functions for jcpenney with respect to our advertisements . These advertising companies use information about your visits to jcp.com and the web sites upon which we advertise to serve our advertising to you , including advertising targeted to your interests . In the course of serving our advertisements to you , a unique third-party cookie may be placed on or recognized by your browser . In addition , we may use web beacons , provided by third-party advertising companies , to help manage our online advertising . These web beacons enable us to recognize a browser 's cookie when a browser visits our site and to learn which advertising brings visitors to jcp.com . To learn more about these third party advertising practices , cookies , and how to opt-out of online behavioral advertising programs run by members of the Network Advertising Initiative , please go to http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp If you opt-out , you may continue to see or receive online advertising from jcpenney , however , this advertising may not be as relevant to you . We collect non-personal information about how users navigate through our web site . We aggregate this information in order to improve our site , and we may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies . This aggregated information does not include individual names or personal data , so it does not identify you or any other customer . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 on our web site . While visiting jcp.com , you may link to other web sites . Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy . When you provide personal information at one of those sites , you are subject to the site operator 's privacy policy , not the jcpenney privacy policy . We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information . jcpenney has contracted with Borderfree , Inc . ( Borderfree ) to facilitate the sale and fulfillment of online purchases that our customers choose to ship internationally ( an international order ) . When you place an international order , you will submit personal information ( e.g. your name , email address , billing address , and shipping address ) and other order-related information to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States . If you also choose to create a jcp.com account , any personal information you provide will also be transferred to jcpenney through and to servers located in the United States . Please note that United States law may not provide a level of data protection equivalent to the laws in your home country . This privacy policy applies to any personal information you furnish jcpenney in connection with international orders , your jcp.com account or otherwise . jcp will then share your international order information , including personal information about you , with Borderfree for the purpose of facilitating ordering and shipping internationally . Borderfree will process personal information about you in accordance with its privacy policy . Borderfree has agreed not to sell , transfer , or otherwise use your information other than for processing international orders and shipments . By placing an international order , you acknowledge and agree that jcp will transfer personal information about you to Borderfree , and acknowledge that your financial transaction and shipment will be processed by Borderfree . During the checkout process , you will be presented with Borderfree 's terms and conditions and privacy policy . You must agree to them to receive the product ( s ) you ordered . Once your order is approved , jcpenney will ship it to Borderfree . Simultaneously , Borderfree will purchase the product ( s ) you ordered from us , which allows them to take title to the product ( s ) , bill your credit card , collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities and arrange for the product ( s ) to be delivered to you . In this process , Borderfree makes the sale to you as the merchant of record . Customers shipping internationally who wish to :  Inquire about or update their personal information , Make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information , or Comment on or ask questions regarding this privacy policy , should email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com This policy was last updated August 22 , 2012 Updated the instructions for opting out of mobile marketing messages Added information with respect to " international customer privacy " We may change our privacy policy from time to time . When considering any change , your privacy will remain a priority . If we change our privacy policy in the future , we will let you know by posting the updated policy at this website . We encourage you to check our policy periodically . You can tell if it has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the beginning of the policy . If you would like further information , or have any questions about our privacy policy :  please write to us at J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc. , P.O . Box 10001 , Dallas , TX. 75301-7311 , Attention : Corporate Customer Relations call us at 1.800.322.1189 email us at privacy @ jcpenneyeservices.com 
TigerDirect.com Privacy Notice ( Updated 11/27/2012 ) By visiting the TigerDirect.com website or any other websites operated by TigerDirect.com or its affiliates ( collectively , the " Site " ) , you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice , please do not use the Site . Each time you use the Site , you should check the date of this Privacy Notice ( which appears above ) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site . Throughout TigerDirect.com 's years of operation , we have developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity . We 're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Site and provide us with information . This Privacy Notice is posted to demonstrate our leadership in online security and customer service practices . We treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company 's history . TigerDirect.com uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to personalize and improve your visit and shopping experience at the Site . We gather the following types of information :  Information You Give to Us : We Collect Personal Information that is provided by Site users . " Personal Information " includes your name , address , telephone number , credit or debit card information , e-mail address , date of birth , IP address and the last four digits of your Social Security number . Personal Information is collected when you establish an account with us , place an order on the Site , participate in a contest , sweepstakes or on-line survey , or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service , sales or technical services through the Site , telephone , mail or fax . In some instances , we may obtain other people 's names and email addresses that you may choose to provide as part of our " email a friend " feature . Web Beacons : We ( or service providers on our behalf ) may collect information from visits to the Site through the use of " Web Beacons. "  Web Beacons are web page elements which may employ cookie technology that enable us to record data about visits to or transactions made on the Site . This information is sometimes known as " clickstream data. "  We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience or our customer service . No Personal Information is collected through the use of Web Beacons on the Site . Cookies : Through the use of cookies , we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet ; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version ; operating system and platform ; purchase history ; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you ; and the URLs which lead you to and around the Site including the date and time . You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie . Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit the Site without providing this information . You are welcome to use the Site if you use such software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online orders from you . Orders : If you place an order through the Site , you will be required to provide contact , billing , and payment information . Catalog Email Newsletter Subscriptions : Upon placing an order through the Site , you will automatically begin receiving both the TigerDirect.com catalog and the TigerDirect.com email newsletter , based on the Personal Information you have provided , unless you opt-out of receiving such communications . If you request an email newsletter subscription , we will send you an email confirming your request . This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you change your mind and decide not to join the list . Furthermore , the confirmation email will alert you if someone else has entered your email address into our email newsletter subscription list . In order to make our email newsletters more relevant and useful to you , our servers may receive a confirmation when you open an email message from TigerDirect.com . Sweepstakes Entrants : From time to time , we may run sweepstakes . If you enter a sweepstakes sponsored by us , you will opt-in to receive email or other communications from us and our affiliated partners . You may subsequently opt-out of the receipt of such email or communications by following the directions in the email or contacting that site . Your opt-out status will not affect your participation or chances to win in the sweepstakes . During the applicable sweepstakes period , however , you may nevertheless receive emails which we deem are related to the sweepstakes and related programs . We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site , to provide services to you and to communicate with you about information that you request . We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you , to help us develop and improve our Site , and to tailor our Site to your interests . We will not rent , sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent , except as stated in this Privacy Notice . Service Providers : We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to or on behalf of us such as analyzing customer lists and data , or performing marketing or consulting services . These third parties ( " Service Providers " ) will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your Personal Information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use on the Site . Such Service Providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than that for which such party was engaged by us and/or as stated in this Privacy Notice . Any Service Providers that use data received from us may only do so in accordance with this Privacy Notice . Credit Card Companies : If you place an order through the Site , the Personal Information you provide is transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase . At certain times we may offer financing options with or without third party participation . If you use a financing option , information provided by you ( such as your address , birth date , social security number , and credit card number ) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing . Third Party Marketing Partners : From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other third parties whom we believe are trustworthy . In such cases we might license , exchange , share and/or cross-reference information , including your name and postal mailing address that will enable such third parties to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you . We will never share any telephone number ( s ) , e-mail addresses , or credit card information which you have given us with any such third party partner ( s ) . Related Companies : We may share your postal and e-mail address , telephone number ( s ) , customer preferences , and purchase history with other subsidiaries of our parent company , Systemax Inc . We will never share any credit card information which you have given to us with any of these related companies . Aggregate Information : We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners . This information is used in a collective manner and does not identify you individually in any way . We collect and share aggregate information in order to know more about the general profile of our customers so that we can improve your shopping experience . Shippers : If you make a purchase through the Site , your name , telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS , FEDEX and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase . There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers . These drop-shippers are only given your name , postal address , and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order . Third Party Transaction-Level Data : If you visit the Site from a third-party website the third-party website may be able to access select information from your individual transaction information . In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party website may give you a unique code , cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you . This will only happen if you link directly from a third party website to the Site . Any transactions made at the Site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party website . We will only report non-Personal Information to these websites such as the date of the transaction , the product ( s ) purchased and the amount spent . We will not report any information to these third party websites that will allow them to personally identify you . The presence of a third party navigation bar at the top of any page on the Site is an indication that the third party website may be able to see your activity on the Site . Links to Third Party Site : The Site contains certain links to third party websites , such as our vendors ' websites and links to other websites intended to facilitate our customers ' shopping experience , such as Google Translate . We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these websites . We recommend that you check the privacy notice of each website you visit . Links to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience and any submission of data to such websites shall be at your sole risk . Law Enforcement and Protection of Users : To the extent permitted by law , we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request , subpoena or other legal process . We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications , report or collect debts owed , fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates , customers , or its users . You should be aware that , following disclosure to any third party , your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law . We maintain relationships with third party affiliate websites . Although we do not and can not control the activities of the third parties that operate such websites , we will cease doing business with any affiliate that engages in abusive practices , including , for example , spam , trademark infringement , predatory means of attracting visitors , or unlawful activities . To report abuse by an affiliate , please contact our Affiliate Manager via email at affiliates @ TigerDirect.com . The Site is a general audience website and is not directed to children under the age of 13 . We will never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not provide us with personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever . If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has submitted Personal Information without verifiable parental consent , we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files . We understand that children may not fully understand all of the provisions of this Privacy Notice or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site . We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit . TigerDirect.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18 . If you are under the age of 18 , you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from the Site . We employ 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the Site which require you to provide your personal or account information , including those areas related to online ordering , order status , and contest forms . The Site utilizes industry-standard firewalls and Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive Personal Information , such as your name , address and credit card number . You should recognize , however , that no computer system is fully secure and that there are inherent risks associated with Internet transactions . To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser , you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser , which should have full SSL support . If your name , e-mail or postal address , telephone number or other Personal Information changes , you may update , correct or omit the relevant information by contacting us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com . In addition , if you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by emailing us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com , sending a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 or by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us . If you no longer wish to receive our catalog , you may call us at 800-800-8300 , email us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com or send a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 . If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice , please e-mail us at privacy @ TigerDirect.com or send a letter to : TigerDirect.com Privacy Officer , 7795 West Flagler St. , Suite 35 , Miami , FL 33144 . TigerDirect.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Systemax , Inc. , a Fortune 1000 Company ( NYSE symbol SYX ) . However , in the event that TigerDirect.com is sold , has its assets acquired or transferred , whether voluntarily or involuntarily , or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division , individual or entity , any customer information owned or under the control of TigerDirect.com may be one of the transferred assets . We reserve the right , as part of such transaction , to transfer or assign the Personal Information and aggregate information we have collected from users of the Site . IN NO EVENT WILL TigerDirect.com OR ITS PARENT , AFFILIATES , LICENSEES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING , PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , INDIRECT , SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS , USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE , OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE , ERROR , OMISSION , INTERRUPTION , DEFECT , DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION , COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE ( INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS , LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA , BUSINESS INTERRUPTION , AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE , DELAY , OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE ) . THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT , TORT , NEGLIGENCE , STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS , EVEN IF TigerDirect.com OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES . 
Last Updated : October 25 , 2013 Shutterfly , Inc. and our family of brands take your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . Our Online Privacy and Security is organized as follows : 1 . Information Collected 2 . Cookies and Similar Technologies 3 . Authorized Third Parties 4 . Use of Information 5 . Information Sharing With Third Parties 6 . Opting Out Of Information Sharing 7 . Children 's Information 8 . Access to Your Account Information and Preferences 9 . Confidentiality and Security 10 . Third Party Sites 11 . Your California Privacy Rights 12 . Class Action Waiver 13 . Questions and Suggestions 14 . Updates to Privacy Policy We collect personal information when you register with any of our family of brands via our websites , mobile sites or mobile applications ( collectively , our " Sites and Apps " ) and when you use any of our products or services . Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable , such as your name , address , email address or phone number , Facebook Connect sign-in information ( if applicable ) , and any other information that is not otherwise publicly available . In addition , if you send email invitations to friends and family to allow them to view your pictures or saved projects , or if you invite them to participate in Shutterfly Share Sites , those email addresses are personal information . Also , your account includes an address book , which you can use to store email addresses of friends and family , and those emails are personal information . We or our third party service providers may also collect information relating to your devices , including your device model , operating system , browser type , unique device identifier , IP address , mobile phone number , mobile network carrier , location , and event information ( such as application installations ) . If you order products or pay for services , we will need your shipping address , billing name and address , as well as your credit card number and expiration date . If you tag yourself , friends , or family in pictures , we may use facial recognition technology to help you tag and organize your pictures . We use cookies , pixel tags , and/or other similar technologies to collect visitor information . Cookies , for example , are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer 's hard drive through your web browser . They make it possible for us to store the contents of your shopping cart until you are ready to check out , recognize your browser when you visit and provide you with information about products that interest you . By doing this , we can personalize your return visits and save you time during checkout . It is possible to prevent cookies from being used in your browser by turning the feature off , but in order to enjoy the benefits of being a registered user , your browser must be set to accept cookies . We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Sites and Apps . They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and your interaction with our products and services . They may also use information about your visits to our Sites and Apps and other sites and mobile applications to target ads for products and services . For instance , they may collect web log data from you ( such as IP address and information about your browser or operating system ) or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads . Through this process , demographic or other interest data may be associated with your browser or device in a non-personally identifiable manner . No personally identifiable information is collected in this process . They do not know the name , address , email address , phone number or any personally identifiable information about the user . The NAI ( Network Advertising Initiative ) allows for the central opting out of all of its members ' cookies from a single opt-out page . If you prefer not to receive relevant advertising on web pages , please click on the following link : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . If you delete your cookies , use a different browser or buy a new computer , you will need to renew your opt-out choice . We also work with third party service providers to monitor certain pages of our Sites and Apps for such purposes as reporting traffic and other advertising statistics . Where authorized by us , these third party providers may use cookies and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our visitors . No personally identifiable information is transferred to these third party service providers . We use your information for the following general purposes : to fulfill your requests for products and services , administrative purposes , to improve our services , to customize the advertising and content you see , to contact you , and for internal business purposes . We use third party information you provide to us solely to provide services you specifically request . For example , sharing your pictures electronically is one of the key benefits we offer . You are able to send an email invitation to your selected recipients , and then to allow them to view , save , or purchase products from your pictures . This email invitation contains a link created specifically for your pictures . The email also may include information about special promotional offers from our family of brands and/or carefully-screened third parties . Another example of how we use third party information you provide to us is Shutterfly Share Sites . If you create a special site through Shutterfly Share Sites to share your pictures , you may invite recipients to participate in that site . In addition to the email invitation , these recipients will receive notifications in the form of email digests as changes are made to the site ( e.g. , when new content is added ) . As the creator of the site , you can determine the frequency of these email digests . In addition , any recipient who is a Shutterfly member can change how often he or she wishes to receive these digests through his or her account preferences . If you use one of our referral programs to refer any of our family of brands to your friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your invitation . If you send Treat Digital Cards to friends and family , we will use their email addresses to send your cards . Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter through email invitations , Shutterfly Share Sites , our referrals programs , Treat Digital Cards , or the address books of any of our Sites and Apps to send any type of direct marketing to your friends and family . ( Of course , if a friend or family member signs up with any of our family of brands or we receive their email address from another unrelated source , we may communicate with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy. )  Your accounts may also contain a calendar where you can store birthdays , anniversaries , and other key dates and details about friends and family . You can use this information to help keep in touch with friends and family on important dates . We may send you email reminders of the personalized dates you have entered in this calendar . Reminder information is highly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties . When you add personal messages to your products , an order-processing representative may view your message . However , third parties are not allowed to view or use this information . We use anonymous information , such as that pertaining to web or mobile pages you have viewed , in order to analyze trends , track user 's movements , provide a better user experience and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use . We do not use this data in a manner that would identify you personally . See " Authorized Third Parties. "  From time to time we share the personal information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of us . We may share personal information within our family of brands . We may also combine personal information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our partners . These companies may use your personal information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us , to communicate with you about products and events that may be of interest to you and for other promotional purposes . Information sharing allows us to introduce new resources based on your interests and needs . With that in mind , when you purchase an item , your customer information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful and those select companies will handle , store , retain , use , share and access personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies , and we disclaim any and all liability relating thereto . Every now and then , we will invite customers to take part in surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes . The information we collect from these surveys , promotions , contests and sweepstakes may be matched with individual customer accounts and used by our family of brands to improve your overall customer experience , and may be shared with select third parties If you log in through Facebook Connect , information you provide to us may be shared with Facebook . We understand and respect that not all customers may want to allow us to share their information with other select companies . If you do not want us to share your information , please contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands , and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies as soon as reasonably practicable . When contacting us , please clearly state your request , including your name , mailing address , email address and phone number . However , under the following circumstances , we may still be required to share your personal information :  If we respond to subpoenas , court orders or legal process , or if we need to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . If we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law . If we believe it is necessary to restrict or inhibit any user from using any of our Sites and Apps , including , without limitation , by means of " hacking " or defacing any portion thereof . Our Sites and Apps are not intended for children , and we will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children . If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 , we will remove their personally identifiable information from our files . You have the right and ability to edit your member account information on our Sites and Apps at any time . You can opt in or out of receiving future communications from us about special offers and new product information , you can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages you receive , or you can change your marketing preferences by contacting us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands . We do reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the services we provide , such as service announcements and administrative messages . We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications . We use a secure server ( SSL ) to encrypt your personal financial information . We use other physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we have collected , and to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information . Our Sites and Apps may contain links to other sites for news and other information . Our Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and Apps , and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites which are linked to or integrated with our Sites and Apps . You should check the privacy policies of those sites before providing your personal information to them . See our Terms of Use for additional information . California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , also known as S.B. 27 , allows individual customers who have provided their personal information to us to request information about our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes . Such requests must be submitted to us in one of the following ways : send a letter to Legal , Shutterfly , 2800 Bridge Parkway Redwood City , CA 94065 or through the various ways of contact described in the Contact Us page of any of our brands . Within thirty days of receiving such a request , we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding year , along with the names and addresses of those third parties . This request may be made no more than once per calendar year . We reserve the right not to respond to requests submitted in ways other than those specified above . ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS , WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT , WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A NAMED OR UNNAMED MEMBER IN A CLASS , CONSOLIDATED , REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL LEGAL ACTION . YOUR ACCESS AND CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF OUR SITES AND APPS SIGNIFIES YOUR EXPLICIT CONSENT TO THIS WAIVER . If you have questions about this Privacy Policy , you can contact us through the Contact Us page of any of our brands . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting updates on this page . Please check back periodically to view any updates . 
This NIKE Digital Privacy Policy ( USA ) ( " Privacy Policy " ) describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means . By accessing or using this website , mobile application or other NIKE product or service on any computer , mobile phone , tablet , console or other device ( collectively , " Device " ) , you consent to our Privacy Policy . NIKE may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting . Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates . This Privacy Policy is incorporated into , and is subject to , the Terms of Use . While this Privacy Policy is intended to generally describe our privacy practices , our goal is to also provide more detailed information at times when it 's most meaningful to you . Please look for these notices within our NIKE services . What You Give Us We collect information you give us or permit us to access . Information may include , but is not limited to , your name , image , birth date , email and physical address , telephone number , gender , contact lists , social media information and profile , location ( GPS ) information , activity and performance information , and when necessary , credit card information . What We Collect From You We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with , and use of , our products and services . Information we may collect includes , but is not limited to , your telephone number , Device identifier and hardware information , IP address , browser type and language , cookie information , system type , whether you have enabling software to access certain features , access times , referring website URLs , information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us . What We Collect From other NIKE Interactions and Third Parties We may combine information you give us with other information from NIKE sources , transactions and communications . This may include , but is not limited to , information from NIKE stores , direct mail , catalogs , events , products and applications , or other NIKE interactions . We may also combine that information with data that is publicly available and data from third parties . We also collect information about gift recipients provided by the giver . Children 's Privacy We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 . We may use your information to do the following : Enable Your Use Enhance , customize and personalize your NIKE experiences and communications Use NIKE features , such as running routes , race registrations , placing an order and other activities Operate , Improve and Analyze Operate , provide , improve and maintain NIKE 's products and services , including analyzing user behavior and trends Send you administrative messages and other information about NIKE . Communicate with you about your purchase , account information or customer service Provide and Conduct Marketing and Promotions Communicate with you about our products , services and events , and for other promotional purposes Administer contests , promotions , events , surveys or other features Display relevant marketing to you NIKE Family We may provide your information to NIKE , Inc. companies and affiliates , including Converse and Hurley ( " NIKE Family " ) , some of which may be outside the U.S . Service Providers We may transfer your information to NIKE Family service providers to conduct our business . For example , they may handle credit card processing , shipping , data management , email distribution , market research , information analysis , and promotions management . We may also share your information to administer features ( e.g. music download , race registration , or workout routine ) . By Law or to Protect Rights We may disclose information upon governmental request , in response to a court order , when required by law , to enforce our policies , or to protect our or others ' rights , property or safety . We may share information to prevent illegal uses of NIKE 's products and services or violations of the Terms of Use , or to defend ourselves against third-party claims . We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation . Business Transfers Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of NIKE . If this should happen , notice will be provided by posting to the website or other form of communication . Default Sharing When you join or use certain services , you agree to publicly share a basic amount of information , which may include your username , city location , and profile picture . Sharing You Choose You may choose to share certain information . In order to participate in certain features , you may have to adjust your privacy settings and share more information . You may also choose to share your activity on other platforms , such as Facebook and Twitter . Please read the privacy policies of those platforms , because your NIKE activity published on those platforms will no longer be governed by NIKE 's Privacy Policy . Nike Sharing Information that is publicly shared may be used by Nike for promotional purposes . Protecting Information Security Measures We use a variety of security measures , including encryption and authentication tools , to help protect your information . We use secure servers when you place orders . All credit card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) technology and then encrypted within our databases . No Guarantee However , like other companies , NIKE can not guarantee 100 % the security or confidentiality of the information you provide to us . Collection Tools How We Collect Information NIKE automatically collects information within our products and services or stored by your browser or Device . We use a variety of methods to collect this information , including , but not limited to , cookies and pixel tags/web beacons ( " Collection Tools " ) . If you turn off certain Collection Tools , you may not have access to many features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services and features may not function properly . However , you can still place product orders over the telephone by contacting our customer service number at 1-800-806-6453 . Third Party Tracking We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet . These companies may collect information about your interaction with us , including advertising . If you would like to opt-out of 3rd party tracking technologies associated with our website , please click here . Note that if you opt-out from these third party tracking technologies , you may still see our ads at other websites , but the ads will not be tailored using third party tracking technologies associated with our website . Modifying or Deleting Your Information You can modify or delete your profile within certain NIKE services , through your account . Your information previously posted may still be publicly viewable . NIKE may keep information and content in our backup files and archives . Communication/Unsubscribe/Opt-Out Regardless of the settings you select , NIKE may send you service-related communications . To unsubscribe and stop receiving messages , please change your settings or follow the instructions in the email , text message , notification or other message type . If you have unsubscribed from any NIKE communications , due to production schedules , you may receive communications already in production . Our digital operations are conducted , in whole or in part , in the United States . Regardless of where you live , you consent to have your personal data transferred , processed and stored in the United States , and allow NIKE to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . Your use of our products and services , and any disputes arising from them , is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use . Please visit our Terms of Use , which explains other terms governing the use of our products and services . For questions or concerns , please contact Consumer Services/Privacy at : 1-800-806-6453 or NIKE Consumer Services/Privacy , One Bowerman Drive , Beaverton , OR 97005 . 
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites and apps where it appears . This Policy describes how we treat personal information we collect both online and offline . This includes on our websites or in our apps . It also includes at our box offices or in phone or email interactions you have with us . If you live in Canada , please read our Canadian Privacy Policy . Contact information . For example , we might collect your name and street address . We might also collect your phone number or email . Payment and billing information . For example , we collect your credit card number and zip code when you buy a ticket . Information you post . For example , we collect information you post in a public space on our website or on a third-party social media site . Demographic information . We may collect information about events you like or products you buy . We might collect this as part of a survey , for example . Other information . If you use our website , we may collect information about the browser you 're using . We might look at what site you came from , or what site you visit when you leave us . If you use our mobile app , we may collect your GPS location or your device 's unique identifier . We might also collect the type of mobile device you are using , or the version of the operating system your computer or device is running . We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it . We collect information directly from you . For example , if you register for a promotion or buy tickets . We also collect information if you post a comment on our websites or ask us a question . We collect information from you passively . We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons . To learn more about these tools and to control them , please click here . We get information about you from third parties . For example , if you use an integrated social media feature on our websites or mobile applications . The third-party social media site will give us certain information about you . This could include your name and email address . Your activities on our sites and apps may be posted to the social media platforms . We use information to respond to your requests or questions . For example , we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event or contest . If you give us your friend 's information , we will only use it to provide services you requested . We use information to improve our products and services . We might use your information to customize your experience with us . This could include displaying content based upon your preferences . We use information to look at site trends and customer interests . We may use your information to make our website and products better . We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties . We use information for security purposes . We may use information to protect our company , our customers , or our websites . We use information for marketing purposes . For example , we might send you information about special promotions or offers . We might also tell you about new features or products . These might be our own offers or products , or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting . Or , for example , if you buy tickets from us we 'll enroll you in our newsletter . We may use push notifications and your location information on our mobile apps to send you alerts regarding local events . To learn about your choices for these communications , read the choices section below . We use information to send you transactional communications . For example , we might send you emails about your account or a ticket purchase . We might also contact you about this policy or our website terms . We use information as otherwise permitted by law . We will share information within the Live Nation family of companies . This may include Ticketmaster and Live Nation-owned or operated venues , for example . We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf . For example , we share information with vendors who help us manage our online registration process or who fulfill your purchases . Some vendors may be located outside of the United States . We will share information with our business partners . This includes a third party who provides or sponsors an event , or who operates a venue where we hold events . Our partners use the information we give them as described in their privacy policies . You should read those polices to learn how they treat your information . We may share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves . For example , we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena . We may also share it if a government agency or investigatory body requests . Or , we might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud . This might include fraud we think has happened during a sweepstakes or promotion . We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business . For example , if part of our business is sold we may give our customer list as part of that transaction . We may share your information for reasons not described in this policy . We will tell you before we do this . You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails . To stop receiving our promotional emails , click here or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us . Your device settings should provide you with instructions on how to turn off push notifications . It may take about ten days to process your request . Do n't worry ! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages , we will still be sure to send you transactional messages . For example , we may still contact you about your orders . You can modify information you have given us . To correct or delete information or update account settings , log into your account and follow the instructions . We make changes as soon as we can . This information may stay in our backup files . If we can not make the changes you want , we will let you know and explain why . If you contact us requesting access to your information , we will respond within 30 days . You can control cookies and tracking tools . To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools , please click here . You can control tools on your mobile devices . For example , you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone . Each push notification has an " unsubscribe " link . If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us , you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes . We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information . You can make a request one time each year . To exercise your rights , you can email us or write to us at the address below . Mention in your letter that you are making a " California Shine the Light " inquiry . We will respond within 30 days . Our sites and apps are meant for adults . We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 . If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information , you can email us here . You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy . Please mark your inquiries " COPPA Information Request. "  Parents , you can also learn more about how to protect children 's privacy online here . We have security measures in place to protect your information . The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected . However , the Internet is not 100 % secure . We can not promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe . We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet . This includes not sharing your passwords . If you think that an unauthorized account has been created using your name , contact us at the address below . TRUSTe has awarded Live Nation the TRUSTe 's Privacy Seal . This means TRUSTe independently reviewed this Policy and the practices on Live Nation and Ticketmaster sites and apps to make sure they meet TRUSTE 's requirements . The seal applies to our practices for information collected on U.S. , UK , Ireland sites and apps . We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for our business . We also keep information to resolve disputes , enforce our agreements and as otherwise required by law . If you live outside of the United States , you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States . This site is subject to U.S. laws , which may not afford the same level of protection of those in your country . Live Nation complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries . Live Nation has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice , choice , onward transfer , security , data integrity , access , and enforcement . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , and to view Live Nation 's certification , please visit http : //www.export.gov/safeharbor . If you click on one of those links , you will be taken to websites we do not control . This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites . Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully . We are not responsible for these third party sites . If you have any questions about this Policy or other privacy concerns , you can email us at privacy @ livenation.com . Please do not include your credit card number or other sensitive information in your email . You can also write us at :  Live Nation Entertainment , Inc. 9348 Civic Center Drive Beverly Hills , CA 90210 Attention : Privacy Officer , Legal If you are not satisfied with our response , you can contact TRUSTe here . From time to time we may change our privacy practices . We will notify you of any material changes to this policy as required by law . We will also post an updated copy on our website . Please check our site periodically for updates . 
Privacy Policy Changes Updated January 1 , 2013 In connection with a restructuring of our business , we have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect that the Site is operated by Zapppos IP , Inc. ( successor-in-interest to Zappos Development , Inc. ) . Although the substance of the policy is effectively the same as in the past , there are some changes . For example , The updated policy no longer refers to the Free Clothing Giveaway as it is not currently offered on our website . The updated policy now refers to contests and sweepstakes , as we may offer either or both on our website from time to time . The updated policy allows information to be shared among Zappos.com , Inc. and the affiliates it controls . These are only a few of the changes to the policy , and this brief summary should not affect your interpretation of it . Please read the Privacy Policy carefully . Your continued use of the website constitutes your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy . Last updated : January 1 , 2013 . To see what has changed , click here . Thank you for accessing the 6pm.com Website ( Site ) operated by Zappos IP , Inc . We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information . To learn more , please read this Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains how we collect , use and ( under certain conditions ) disclose your personal information . This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information . Finally , this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection , use and disclosure of your personal information . By visiting the Site directly or through another site , you accept the practices described in this Policy . This privacy policy applies to the Site . This privacy policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information . Please see below for details . We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any web site not operated by Zappos IP , Inc. to which the Site links or that links to the Site . 1 . Information Collection . We collect information from you in several different ways on this Site . One goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide an efficient , meaningful , and customized experience . For example , we can use your personal information to : help make the Site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once . help you quickly find information , products , and services . help us create content that is most relevant to you . alert you to new information , products , and services that we offer . ( a ) Registration and Ordering . Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products , you must complete an online registration form . During registration , you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information , including but not limited to your name , shipping and billing address ( es ) , phone number , email address , and credit card number . If you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , you will have to provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date . We use this information solely to facilitate the Bill Me Later transaction and will not store or keep this information in our files . In addition , we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization 's country of operation , so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations , and for your gender . These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes , to fulfill your orders , to communicate with you about your order and the Sites , and for internal marketing purposes . If we encounter a problem when processing your order , your personal information may be used to contact you . ( b ) Email Addresses . Several locations of the Site permit you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to : to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . Your participation in a contest or sweepstakes is completely voluntary , so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to us . We use this information to notify contest and sweepstakes winners and to award prizes . We may post on the Site the names and cities of contest and sweepstakes winners . By entering a contest or sweepstakes , you may be opting in to receive our email newsletter and special offers and this will be disclosed in the official rules governing the contest or sweepstakes . ( c ) Cookies and Other Technology . Like many sites , the Site employs cookies and web beacons ( also known as clear GIF technology or action tags ) to speed your navigation of the Site , recognize you and your access privileges , and track your Site usage . ( i ) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer 's hard drive . Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies . You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive , but if you do , you will not be able to access or use portions of the Site . We have to use cookies to enable you to select products , place them in an online shopping cart , and to purchase those products . If you do this , we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase . THE SITE 'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER 'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER 'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION . Our cookies are not spyware . ( ii ) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and , if so , how many times . For example , any electronic image on the Site , such as an ad banner , can function as a web beacon . ( iii ) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to users or to serve ads on our behalf . These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness ( such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount ) . Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us . ( iv ) As an example , Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased . Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer 's personal information collected by us . ( d ) Log Files . As is true of most web sites , the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Site . We may also log your Internet protocol ( IP ) address , Internet service provider , and date/time stamp for system administration , order verification , internal marketing , and system troubleshooting purposes . ( An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet. )  ( e ) Age . We respect children 's privacy . We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 13 . Elsewhere on the Site , you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian . If you are under the age of 13 , please do not submit any personal information to us , and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you . ( f ) Product Reviews . You may choose to submit a product review . If you post a review , we will ask for your email address and geographic location . If you submit a review , your geographic location will be visible to other users ( your email address will be kept private ) . Also , any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site . We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review . We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information . ( g ) Bizrate Reviews . Bizrate.com is an independent company that permits shoppers to rate their experiences in visiting and shopping at online stores . After placing an order on the Site , you may receive the opportunity to provide feedback on your experience . This choice is optional and will not affect your order or service from us , whether or not you choose to provide feedback . Your feedback is collected by Bizrate.com , not us , and is governed by their privacy policy , available at http : //shop.bizrate.com/content/privacy.html . 2 . Information Use and Disclosure . ( a ) Internal Use . We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service . We may internally use your personal information to improve the Sites ' content and layout , to improve outreach and for our own marketing efforts ( including marketing our services and products to you ) , and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site . In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2 , we may share your information with affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control . ( b ) Communications with You : We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site and your orders and deliveries . Also , we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us . We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary ( for example , if we must temporarily suspend our service for maintenance. )  Also , you may submit your email address for reasons such as to register for a contest or sweepstakes ; to request us to notify you of new brands , new product styles , or product sizes ; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers ; or to sign up for the Zappos.com Shoe Digest . If you submit your email address , we use it to deliver the information to you . We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails ( see the opt out section , below , for more details ) . Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place , you can not opt out of receiving emails related to your orders . ( c ) External Use . We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great selection . We do not sell , rent , trade , license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Zappos.com , Inc. 's control , except that :  ( i ) As do most catalog and Internet retailers , we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf . When we disclose information to these service providers , we disclose information to help them to perform their service . For example , in order to deliver products to you , we must share some information . We partner with third parties ( such as the U.S. Postal Service , United Parcel Service , and Federal Express ) to ship products , to ensure delivery , and so that we can obtain feedback , improve the quality of our service , and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party . In the example of shippers , we provide them some personally identifiable information such as your name , shipping address , email , and phone number . ( ii ) Similarly , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers . When we submit your credit card number for authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( More on this below in Data Security. )  ( iii ) In the event you have elected to use the Bill Me Later payment method , to help you buy products and provide customer service to you , we must provide the last four ( 4 ) digits of your social security number and your birth date to the financial-services corporations processing your transaction . When you submit this information to us for approval and authorization , we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information . ( iv ) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations ; subpoenas ; a court order ; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law . We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights , enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements , or to protect ourselves or others . For example , we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud . ( v ) We will not sell ( or trade or rent ) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business . However , it 's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets . If that happens , your personal information may be disclosed to another company , but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect . ( vi ) We may share non-personal information ( such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page , or the size of an order placed on a certain date ) with third parties such as advertising partners . This information does not directly personally identify you or any user . ( vii ) We may publicly disclose the name , city , and state of the contest and sweepstakes winners . The Site incorporates physical , electronic , and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information , including Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) for all financial transactions through the Site . We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online , and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities . Access to your personal information is restricted . Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information . Finally , we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware . We believe that their security procedures are adequate . For example , when you visit the Site , you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment , behind a locked cage and an electronic firewall . While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personal information , we can not guarantee complete security . 100 % complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline . Upon your request , we will ( a ) correct or update your personal information ; ( b ) stop sending emails to your email address ; and/or ( c ) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account . You can make these requests at the customer information section of the Site http : //www. 6pm.com/customer-service-center , or by telephoning , or emailing your request to 6pm.com 's Customer Loyalty Team 1-888-676-2660 or :  cs @ 6pm.com Please do not email your credit-card number or other sensitive information . As you might expect from us , the majority of information that we collect is obtained through the Site , and this Privacy Policy applies only to that online collection of personal information . We also may collect information offline , where we also try to protect the privacy of your personal information . One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions . When someone calls , we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question . When we need to store information ( such as order information ) , we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption . ( See the Data Security section above for more information ) . Another example involves faxes . If you fax something to us , we will act upon the fax and then either store it a locked repository or we will shred the fax if there is no need to retain the information . There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline ( for example , we suppose someone could send us a letter including some return address information ) , and this Policy does n't discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses . As we mentioned , we will try to treat offline collection , uses , and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices . If we change or update this Privacy Policy , we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect , use and disclose . We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated . If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy , please contact us at 1-888-676-2660 or cs @ 6pm.com . 
Privacy and cookies notice This privacy notice applies to the use of personal information by British Sky Broadcasting Limited and its group companies . Any member of the British Sky Broadcasting group may use and share , within that group , the information you provide and other information it holds about you for the purposes set out below . Information you 've provided to us , including on our websites . Information about our products and services you 've ordered or enquired about . Information provided by other companies who 've obtained your permission to share information about you . Information about the channels , programmes , advertisements and services you access , for example how you view , record or fast forward them . Information we collect using cookies stored on your device about your use of Sky and/or selected third party websites . For more information on cookies and how to manage them , please see the section on cookies . Your IP address , this is a number that identifies a specific network device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites . Technical information from your Sky device ( s ) relating to the service you receive , for example , the collection of diagnostic information . In addition to using your information to provide you with requested products or services and general account management and the management of traffic across our network , we may also use your information in the following ways : To monitor and improve our products , services and websites . We may share information with credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for use in credit decisions , and for fraud detection and prevention purposes . If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified , the details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies . Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information . We and other organisations may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering , for example when : checking details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities ; managing credit and credit related accounts and facilities ; recovering debt ; checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance ; or checking details of job applications and employees . We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies . Please contact us by emailing us at mysky @ bskyb.com if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies . We may also share your information with other companies for debt recovery purposes . For market research . To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements ; to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of any third party ; in the detection and prevention of fraud and other crimes ; and for the purpose of safeguarding national security . We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this privacy notice . Unless you 've asked us not to :  To send you periodic newsletters about your chosen services . To send you direct marketing . This may include communications by post , telephone or email and if you 've a Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and/or Sky Bingo account , by SMS , about us and our business partners ' products and services , events and special offers , including , where applicable , for a reasonable time after you have ceased to be a customer of ours . To provide you with personalised services , such as providing you with viewing recommendations and tailored advertising . This means that we have your agreement to store information about you on the devices you use , for example to make some of the adverts you see more relevant to you . To provide you with online behavioural advertising through the use of cookies when you visit our websites . Marketing You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account . You can also click on the " unsubscribe " link in direct marketing emails from us . You can opt out of direct marketing altogether or you can choose between post , telephone and email . Sky Bet , Sky Poker , Sky Vegas and Sky Bingo customers can opt out of marketing SMS messages by replying " STOP "  Personalisation ( including tailored advertising )  You can opt out by calling us on 08442 414141 or via your MySky account . Please note that if you opt out of personalisation you will not receive tailored advertising . This means you will still see the same number of adverts but they will be ones that appear as standard . Online behavioural advertising If you do not want to receive online behavioural advertising , or do n't want any information processed through the use of cookies , please see the section on cookies . You can also opt out of receiving our newsletters by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link in emails , or via your MySky account . Any queries or comments about this privacy notice or for requests of copies of the information we hold about you should be sent to dp @ bskyb.com or to Customer Relations , Sky Subscriber Services Ltd , PO Box 43 , Livingston , West Lothian , EH54 7DD , UK . Please ensure you notify us of any updates , amendments and corrections to your information by contacting us on 08442 414141 or through MySky . 
Privacy Policy Effective October 30 , 2013 This web site or application ( Site ) is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee . At Sears Holdings , we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you , how we use it , and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it . If you have questions or would like further information on this topic , please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site . Please note that our subsidiary Lands ' End maintains its own privacy policy . You may view Lands ' End 's privacy policy by clicking here : here Sears Holdings may update this Privacy Policy from time to time . Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes . If we make any material changes , we will notify you either by email or by means of a notice on this Site . We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices . Your use of this Site , and any disputes arising from it , are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions , including arbitration , class action waiver , limitation on damages and choice of law . Get answers and information about :  What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It ? What Information Do We Share and with Whom ? Can I Disable Cookies ? How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected from Children ? What About Links to Other Sites ? Interest-Based Ads - Online Advertisements Is My Information Secure ? How Can I Access My Information ? Can I Opt-Out of Receiving Promotional E-mails ? Where Is My Information Stored ? How May I Contact You ? We may collect personally identifiable information ( PII - for example , your full name , email address , mailing address , telephone number , mobile phone number or credit card number ) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us , such as when you purchase items from us , sign up for one of our services or programs or register with our Site . We may also collect PII from you if , for example , you choose to subscribe to our email program ; participate in sweepstakes , contests , surveys , and polls ; post content or suggestions on this Site ; or use any of this Site 's other features that otherwise permit you to provide information or other content . We also may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . We may use the information we collect from and about you to : process and fulfill your order , notify you of your order status , and otherwise provide you with customer service ; respond to your inquiries and requests ; create an account and register you as a registered Site user ( Registered User ) and/or Shop Your Way member ( Member ) ; for marketing purposes and to send you information regarding this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites , as well as about our products , programs or services ; provide you with mobile alerts , if you have requested them ; customize your experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites ; provide you with relevant products and offers ; permit you to use this Site 's social networking features ; or provide you with other services . Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts . We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes , such as data analysis , audits , developing new products and services , enhancing our Sites , improving our services , personalizing your experiences , identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns . We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter . This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account . Once connected , you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site ( s ) . Any information or content that you post to the third-party site will be subject to that site 's own privacy policy . This Site may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile , such as your name , location , profile picture and information , gender , list of friends , friends ' profiles or postings , email address , wall postings and news feed . We may use your PII to allow you to send messages to a friend through this Site . By using this functionality , you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend 's name and email address . We may collect information about you including demographic information ( such as number of household members , age , and gender ) and purchase preference information from third parties . In addition , we may also collect information ( such as your interests , hobbies , lifestyle choices , groups with which you are affiliated , products you want , like or own ) from you as you use this Site and when you choose to provide or information on this Site . Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location . Such technologies may include IP address mapping , WiFi , GPS signals , cell tower positioning or other technologies . We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you . For example , this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location . Sears Holdings has no control over your device settings , but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site . Non-PII may be collected from you by means of cookies and pixel tags . Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer . We and our third party service providers use various types of cookies , local shared objects and pixel tags to identify your IP address , browser type , device characteristics , domain name , referring urls and specific links and web pages through which you click . This data is collected automatically and utilized for site operations , fraud prevention and to help us improve this Site and your overall experience . This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you . We may use and disclose non-PII in any manner for any purpose , except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law . We may share your PII with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested , to provide you with promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you and for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy . The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates , as well as other selected third party businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the Sears Holdings family of businesses , unless you authorize us to do so . Sears Holdings may make third party applications available to you on our Sites and you may choose to authorize us to share your information with the application and its publisher . We require third parties who publish applications on our Sites to give you notice of their own privacy policy , which you should review prior to authorizing the application to access your information . We may disclose your PII to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through this Site . You may disclose your own PII on message boards , chat , profile pages , blogs and other social networking features and services to which you are able to post information and materials . Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to Site visitors and to the general public , depending on the particular service and any privacy settings in place ( such as through your profile ) . Be careful when deciding to disclose your PII , your location or any other information , on this Site . In certain circumstances , we may share your PII with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services , such as credit card processors or shipping agents . Our service providers must agree to appropriate restrictions on the disclosure and use of your information . Unless otherwise disclosed to you , our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes . We may provide information about you , which may include PII , to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law , when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities . There may be instances when we may use or disclose your PII in order to protect or defend the legal rights , property or operations of Sears Holdings or our employees or agents ; to protect the rights , privacy , safety or security of users , members or others ; to protect against fraud ; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain . Sears Holdings may sell , transfer and/or share PII with third parties in connection with a merger , reorganization , joint venture , assignment , spin-off , transfer or sale or disposition of all or any portion of our business , and in the event of a store closing or bankruptcy Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them , blocking them , or notifying you when such a file is stored . Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function . We may also use Flash Cookies , LSOs and other technologies to , among other things , collect and store information about your use of the Services , fraud prevention and other site operations . If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer , you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel . You can also control Flash LSOs by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions ( which may include instructions that explain , for example , how to delete existing Flash LSOs ( referred to " information " on the Macromedia site ) , how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked , and ( for Flash Player 8 and later ) how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time ) . Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications , including , potentially , Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content . If you do elect to disable cookies , please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings Sites . This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age . In the event a Sears Holdings Site or portion thereof is directed to children under 13 , the Site will contain a Children 's Online Privacy Policy that complies with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act . This Site may contain links to other Sites that are not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated Sites . You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects PII . This Site may display ads from other companies . We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party Sites . Some of the ads on this Site or on third party Sites may be personalized , meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer 's browsing activity . For example , anonymous information collected across multiple Sites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you . Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf . If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other Sites , please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page . The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies , including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members . See http : //www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page . You may also visit http : //www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies . If you delete your cookies , use another computer or device , or change browsers , you will need to repeat this process . In addition , opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads , but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on web sites or mobile apps not owned and operated by Sears Holdings . We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your PII . While we do work very hard to protect your privacy , no method of security is 100 % effective , and we can not be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your PII . Sears Holdings makes no warranties , express , implied or otherwise , as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards . You can personalize your experience on this Site and other Sears Holdings Sites by becoming a Registered User or Member . By registering , you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you , and whether you wish to receive information about special sales , promotions and other events . Once registered , you can submit , review and maintain your account profile information at any time by accessing your profile from within the particular Site . Your account information is accessible by using a password that you select or by using third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook , Google or Twitter if you choose to enable this feature . From time to time , we may send you e-mails with promotional offers and messages . If you would no longer like to receive e-mails with promotional offers and messages from this Site , you can unsubscribe from these e-mails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail . Please note that you may still receive transactional or relationship or other non-promotional e-mails ( e.g. , order confirmations , shipping notices , statements , important information regarding a product you have purchased , etc. ) . Your PII may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers , and by using our Site , you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence , including the United States , which may have different data protection rules than in your country . This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state , country or territory other than that of the United States . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , please contact us at webmaster @ customerservice.sears.com . Because email communications are not always secure , please do not include credit card or other financial information , health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us . 
GameStop knows that you care about your privacy and the use of your personal information . This notice describes our Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect about you from any source through our Websites , in our retail stores , through our Power-Up Rewards Program , in any contest or promotion , or any other way . By visiting a GameStop Website or retail store , participating in our PowerUp Rewards Program , or otherwise providing information to GameStop you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy . In this Privacy Policy , " GameStop " means GameStop , Inc. , its Websites and its retail stores located in the United States and Puerto Rico . " Website ( s ) " means GameStop operated websites and mobile applications , including GameStop.com and PowerUpRewards.com . Our Websites may contain links to other websites . GameStop is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites . This Privacy Policy does not apply to other GameStop brands such as BuyMyTronics , Game Informer , Kongregate , or PC Downloads , each of which has its own privacy policy . The word " computer " means any device used to connect to a Website , including , but not limited to , mobile devices . Information That You Give Us : We receive and store any information you enter on our Websites or that you give us in any other way . You can choose not to provide certain information , but this will limit your ability to purchase products offered on the Websites , or to take advantage of some features or promotions . When you place an order with us online , in a store or in any other way , your contact information is used to communicate related information , such as order and shipment confirmation , release date changes and requests for more information to facilitate processing your order . You may opt-out of these communications by canceling your order . We use customer contact information to customize future shopping for you , to improve our Websites and stores , to send you information about our company , and to inform you of sales and special offers . If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email . We obtain information about you when you search , buy , participate in a contest or questionnaire , communicate with customer service , or otherwise contact us or post information on our Websites . For example , you provide information when you search for a product ; place an order through a Website or provide information to update or create your account with us ( you may have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when shopping with us ) ; communicate with us by phone , email , or otherwise ; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form ; create any wish or gift list ; participate in any forums or discussion areas or product reviews ; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future . The information collected typically includes your name , address , and phone numbers ; credit card information ; people to whom purchases have been shipped , including addresses and phone number ; content of reviews you may provide ; emails to us ; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the Websites . We occasionally run our own email surveys and we ask visitors for contact , demographic and technical information . We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company . This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards , if such a reward program is part of the survey . The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site . We run contests in which we ask visitors for contact information ( such as their email address ) . We use this information to contact the winners . We may also use or share contest information with our business and marketing partners to offer you products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . We allow customers to post reviews and allow visitors to communicate information on products . When posting a review , you can optionally display your name , an alias , or remain anonymous . However , if you disclose personally identifiable information in your review , that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email . You should use discretion when disclosing information online . Automatic Collection of Information : If you purchase any products online , or have any other interaction with our Websites , we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions . We may also send you personalized emails . These communications may contain links to our Websites that could include unique identifiers capable of correlating any resulting web activity to the originating email communication . Like many websites , we may use tracking pixels/web beacons , " cookies " , or other technologies to receive and store certain information , and this information may also be used by certain third-party advertisers with which we have agreements . Our relationship with third-party advertisers is discussed in more detail under the heading " Third-Party Advertising " below . For example , cookies are placed on your computer ( explained in more detail below ) to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart . This allows you to leave our site , come back later , and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact . It also lets us personalize your experience at our Websites , tailoring the content to your interests . A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously , but if you use these utilities , it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer . The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our Websites includes your Internet ( IP ) address ; login and password information ; email address ; web browser type and version ; operating system and computer platform ; purchase history , which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers ; the full Uniform Resource Locator ( URL ) clickstream to , through , and from our Websites , including date and time ; one or more unique identifiers ; products you viewed or searched for ; areas of our Websites you visited ; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number . We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us . We assign you one or more unique identifiers to help keep track of your future visits . Email Communications : We provide email links on our " Customer Services " page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have . We may receive a confirmation when you open any email that we send to you , if your computer supports such capabilities . If you send us any email , we will retain such email and your email address for response . We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies , in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you . Information from Other Sources : If we receive any information about you from other sources , we may add it to our account information . For example , if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication , and we note that you are a subscriber , we may include that information in the account information that we store about you . Other examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties , which we use to correct our records ; account information , purchase or redemption information , and page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services ; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website ; and credit history information from credit bureaus , which we use to help prevent and detect fraud . Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer 's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser when you make future visits to our Websites , and to store certain information ( such as items placed in your shopping cart ) between visits . You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to . Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies , how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie , or how to disable cookies altogether . You should look in the " help " area shown on your browser 's toolbar . Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features , we recommend that you leave them turned on . You MUST have cookies enabled in order to checkout on our Websites . We or our partners may also use Flash Cookies ( also known as Local Stored Objects ) or other similar technologies . A Flash Cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer . We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience , facilitate processes , personalize and store your settings . Flash cookies may help our Website visitors to , for example , set volume preference associated with a video experience , play games and perform surveys . They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers . They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners . Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser may not remove Flash cookies . Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies . If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies , please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable . Tournaments : If you register for tournaments through GameStop , we may share your registration data with the tournament host and they may use it for internal tracking and analytics . For instance , if you give us your Xbox Live Gamertag for a Microsoft tournament , Microsoft will use that information for internal research . Sharing with Third Parties . We may share customer information that we collect with third parties . Usually , this information will be shared with a third party that has relationship with us as a business partner or marketing partner ( see information on Third-Party Relationships below ) . Also , we may use the information that you provide us , or that we collect about you , in connection with the promotion of our products and services and those of our affiliates . It is not our policy to sell or rent lists of our Website customers to unaffiliated third parties . Sharing with our Contractors . We also may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . Examples include order fulfillment , package delivery , postal mail and email communications , customer lists management , data analysis , marketing services and assistance which may include content and ads presented on other websites or mobile applications , credit card processing , and customer relationship management . These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission . A more detailed discussion of our relationship with certain third-party advertisers is set forth below under the heading " Third-Party Advertising " . Promotional Offers May be Sent to You . We may call you with or send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses , or permit other businesses that we are working with to call you with or send you offers , if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers . If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email . If after receiving a phone call , you wish to no longer receive phone calls from us , you can inform the caller or follow the prompt instructions . Sale or Acquisition of Business Units . As we continue to develop our business , we may buy or sell business divisions or companies , we may merge or combine with another company , or our company itself , or all or a significant part of its assets , may be acquired by another company . We may provide any information we have to a potential counter-party in any such potential transaction . If such a transaction is completed , customer information generally is one of the transferred and shared business assets . The information transferred and shared remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice ( unless , of course , the customer has agreed to be subject to new privacy notice terms ) . Legal Requirements and Protection of our Websites and Others . We may decide to release your account and other personal information if we believe release is appropriate or necessary to comply with the law , to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements , or to protect the rights , property , or safety of our Websites , our users , or others . This information may be released or exchanged with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud , or for credit risk reduction . We will cooperate with law enforcement and judicial authorities , and we may provide personally identifiable information to appropriate government authorities upon receipt of a subpoena or court order , or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation . We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities . We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal . We undertake no obligation or duty to release such information , however , unless we are required to do so under applicable law . Other Circumstances . If we want to share personal information other than as permitted or described above , we will notify you , and you may choose to instruct us not to share the information . We have several types of third-party relationships . We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager . This program allows other websites to earn money by directing people ( through links ) to our Website . If you sign up as an affiliate , your contact information ( website address and related information , email address , mailing and payment addresses , and contact information ) is sent to the third-party affiliate manager who activates your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate for our Websites . You may apply for this program using an Affiliate Program application . The Affiliate Program area is clearly labeled , and your information is never collected or shared unless you also fill out an Affiliate Program application . We work with business partners to provide you access to their products and services . For example , our Website includes a link to www.alienware.com . Any information you supply upon entering the www.alienware.com site is collected by Alienware . We link to third-party surveys . When you complete a purchase , you are often invited to participate in a survey to rate your experience . The survey is conducted by a third party ( and is identified as such ) who shares all of the survey information with us , including your email address if you specify it in the survey . We use this information to gauge which areas of our service need improving . If you order from us after visiting Sony 's Playstation.com web site we will forward your PlayStation Underground registration number to Sony along with any information regarding the products you have purchased . Advertisements that appear on our website are sometimes delivered ( or " served " ) directly to users by third-party advertisers with which we have agreements . They automatically receive your IP address when this happens . These third-party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer , or use other technologies such as JavaScript and " web beacons " ( also known as " 1x1 gifs " or " clear gifs " ) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content . Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content . In this way , they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked . Third-Party Advertisers may also serve advertisements to you on other websites , based on their tracking of what content you looked at or interacted with on our Websites . GameStop does not have access to or control of the cookies and other tracking technologies that may be placed by the third-party advertisers . Third-party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored by GameStop unless you choose to share it with them . This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by GameStop and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers . We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site . These companies may use aggregated information ( not including your name , address , email address or telephone number ) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies , please see : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . When you purchase something from our Websites , we use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software , which encrypts certain purchasing information you input , although no known method of data transfer can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure . We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order , but we have to transmit the entire credit card number to the credit card processor or company during order processing . To the extent that you use our Websites , and connect to us through your computer , anyone with access to your computer may be able to access our Websites and conduct transactions in your name . We have no ability to know who has access to your computer , or to your credit card information , or who you have authorized to use such computer or information . Persons with access to your computer may be able to view any private or stored account information or other information that you have given to us . Accordingly , you are responsible for any transactions that are made in your name by someone who has access to your computer or your credit card number . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information , and to your computer . If you have purchased from us or created an account , our site provides you the opportunity to review , correct , or update your account information . You can do this by :  Accessing Gamestop.com and clicking on the " My Account " link . Calling the following telephone number : 1-800-883-8895 Sending mail to the following postal address :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051 You always may choose not to provide information and most Internet browsers allow you to control the automatic collection of information from your computer . Obviously , if you choose not to provide necessary information , we may not be able to process your orders or inquiries . If we permit you to update any information that we store about you , we may keep a copy of the previous information for our records . If , after receiving a non-order related email , you do not want to receive such emails in the future , you can notify us , by clicking on the " unsubscribe " link attached to each email . Our Websites , services and applications are designed for and directed at people 13 years of age or older . We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 . If GameStop learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online in contravention of these measures , it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose ( except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law ) . If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13 , please contact us at :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051 For additional tips on how to help children stay safe on the Internet , we recommend that you visit the following sites :  www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens.html www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec14.shtm http : //www.onguardonline.gov/features/feature-0002-featured-info-parents If you choose to visit our Websites or stores , your visit ( s ) and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Conditions of Website Use , including limitations on damages , and application of the law of your state . If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement , the practices of the Websites , or your dealings with the Websites , you can contact :  Gamestop.com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine , TX 76051 Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of our Websites , or this Privacy Policy , and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us , those terms and notices will still govern your use of Gamestop.com . As is the case with any business , our business changes over time , and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may be updated or changed at any time , as we deem appropriate . We may email reminders of our notices and conditions . You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies . Unless stated otherwise , our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account . Conditions of Website Use may be found by clicking here . 
PRIVACY & SECURITY This privacy policy explains what personal information is collected through this Web site , how that information is used , to whom it 's disclosed , and how it 's safeguarded . Unless indicated otherwise , this policy applies only to personal information collected through the Web site , microsites , or mobile sites of our brands and lines of business that expressly adopt , and display or link to , this policy . These brands and lines of business include Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink , and Pink Nation . By " personal information " we mean your identifying information ( like name , home address , and email address ) , and descriptive information ( like tastes and preferences ) if coupled with your identifying information ( " personally identifying information " ) . We may refer to all our brands and lines of business ( i.e. , Victoria 's Secret , Victoria 's Secret Pink ( or " Pink " ) , and Pink Nation ( by Pink ) ) as " we , " " us , " or " our " throughout this privacy policy . This privacy policy answers these questions : What personal information is collected at our Web site , and how is it used ? How is technology used to serve our advertisements on other Web sites and what choices do you have ? How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content ? What information do we share with third parties and our sister brands ( or what information may they access because of the services they provide to us ) ? What choices do you have over how your information is used ? How do you update your personal information ? How do we secure your information on our site ? Where is personal information stored and processed ? Whom should you contact with questions or concerns ? When was this policy last updated ? 1 . Information You Directly Provide through this Site We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with Web sites . Examples of the information we collect include name , address , phone number , email address , personal preferences , credit card number , purchase and ordering information , demographical information , responses to survey questions and sizing information . This information is collected at various places : for instance , when you check out with your online order ; subscribe to catalogs , email offers , and Pink mobile messaging offers ; participate in surveys ; join Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation ; enter contests or sweepstakes ; or interact with special-event or program offers . We may also collect information that you provide about people you know . For example , we collect your gift recipient 's contact information to process your gift orders . We use personally identifying information to do things like :  process your online orders ; open an online account at your request ; personalize your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests ; provide customer service , whether it 's responding to a request or following up on an order ; include you in surveys and contests ; enable you to post your content , such as comments or images ; facilitate networks of online social activity centered around our products and services ; improve our website , improve the manner in which offers are made on our website , improve purchase decisions of our visitors and the interactions visitors have with our website ; enable you to interact with third-party content service providers , whether by linking to their sites , viewing their content within our Web environment , or by viewing our content within their Web environment ; and market products and services for each of our brands -- for instance , by adding you to the Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink email list or Victoria 's Secret print-catalog list when you make an online purchase ; or by adding you to the Pink Nation email list if you sign up for Pink Nation . 2 . Information We Observe or Collect through Technology a . Navigational Information When you visit this Web site , we collect navigational information , such as browser type and version , service-provider identification , IP address , the site from which you came , and the site to which you navigate . Navigational information is largely anonymous in the sense that it does n't contain your name , address , phone number , email address or other information that directly identifies you . However , we may associate this navigational information with your personal information if you provide it . b . Cookies and Clear gifs To better understand what you do while on our site , we use a browser feature known as a cookie . A cookie is a small data file that 's stored by your Web browser on your computer . It 's used to do things like see how you navigate our Web site , what you click on , and remember you and your online purchases when you return . This helps us improve our site , provide better customer service , personalize your online experience , and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and both your online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) interactions and purchase history . We also use clear-gifs ( also known as a Web beacon or Web bug ) on our Web site and in our emails . A clear gif is a nearly invisible pixel-sized graphic image on a Web page , Web-based document or e-mail message . It helps us do things like view the URL of the page on which the clear gif appears and the time our Web site or email in question is viewed . Clear gifs in e-mails help us confirm the receipt of , and response to , our emails , including those that you forward to friends and family ; and they help deliver a more personalized online experience . These technologies may be used to help us see which of our interactive experiences online users like mostfor example , by keeping track of the number of times a video , widget or other media is accessed or embedded on social networking sites ; and on which social networking sites it is embedded , based on inquiries that are sent to our Web site . Cookies and clear gifs also allow us to associate your online navigational information , or purchases and interactions ( both online and offline ) , with any personal information you provide ( such as name , address , phone number , survey responses , and email address ) . We 'll associate this information to deliver products and services to you ; to improve our business ; to transact business ; and to market our products and services on this and other Web sites and through a variety of media like email , mobile advertising , and direct mail . As an example , we may use cookies to keep track of what you put into your shopping bag . That can help us contact you if your online session is disrupted in mid-purchase , resulting in an abandoned cart . We can also use this technology to determine whether you 'd be interested in participating in special events , given your preferences . The end result is a more personalized experience that 's tailored to your needs and tastes . 3 . Information Others Observe or Collect through Technology Third-party service providers help us provide certain features on our site and analyze our visitor 's site and purchase preferences . They may also help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other web sites ( often referred to as " online network advertising " ) . The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services . a . Features We use third-party services to provide certain features on our Web site . These third parties use some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology to provide these features . b . Analysis We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Web sites , and Web capabilities like embeddable widgets . These third parties may serve surveys to determine satisfaction with the Web site and then tie the responses to actual behavior on the Web site , which will allow us to improve our Web sites and Web capabilities . They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Information We Observe or Collect Through Technology . Back To Top We contract with third-party advertising companies to deliver tailored online display and banner advertising to you on other Web sites . To serve this advertising , these third-party companies place , use , or rely on technology , such as cookies and clear gifs , as customers interact with us through our Web sites and interact with other Web sites . Once this information is gathered , it helps us select tailored ads for placement on these other Web sites , based on a customers combined online and offline ( e.g. , in-store ) shopping history and experience with us . For information about opt out programs that these third party advertising companies participate in , and the effect of opting out , click the following : [ NAI Opt Out click here ] and [ DAA Opt Outclick here ] ( you 'll then leave this site for centrally managed online sites where you may specify your preferences under those programs ) . You can also click the preference icon that may appear on some of our advertising served through use of these technologies . You should also note that our systems may not recognize Do Not Track headers from some or all browsers . Back To Top We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services , or otherwise display third-party content . We do this for your convenience . We do n't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties . And we do n't control and are n't responsible for their Web practices . It is possible that the third party providing content through our Web site may collect or observe information through its use of technology.Whether the third-party content appears within our Web environment ( like a map frame ) , or you leave our Web site for another site to view it , those service provider 's terms , conditions , and privacy policies govern your online experience ( unless there 's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise ) . Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices . Here 's a partial list of the sites or content of these third parties :  1 . Interactive Maps We may facilitate easy access to the online maps of content providers like Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo ! There you can get quick location , driving , and contact information for our stores . 2 . Inline Framing We may provide content on our Web site that exists on other Web sites , such as live or recorded video , through a frame surrounded by content from our Web site ( this framed content is referred to as an iFrame ) . The iFrame is used to facilitate easy access to the content from the other Web site . 3 . Sweepstakes , Contests , and Survey Sites We may rely on the expertise of third-party service providers to run sweepstakes , contests , and surveys . Navigation to these sites may be seamless so that it appears you 're still in our Web site environment . In these cases , the third-party 's privacy policy may apply to any personal information you provide in connection with the event . So please take note of who 's running the event in question ; and the terms , conditions , and policies that apply . 4 . Social Networking or Other User-Generated-Content Sites , and Other Websites We may at times facilitate easy access to third-party sites , like social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content . This may include easy click-through access or even " single sign-on " to these sites . The third-party 's privacy policy applies to any personal information you provide at these sites . 5 . The Angel Credit Card Site We enable you to navigate easily to the site of World Financial Network Bank ( WFNNB ) , where you can apply for the Angel card and pay invoices online . WFNNB issues and owns the Angel credit card accounts . When you apply online for an Angel credit card or pay your account online , you leave our site and interact directly with WFNNB . Any information you provide to WFNNB is subject to WFNNB 's terms , conditions , and policies , including its privacy policy . 6 . Third-Party Rewards or Membership Programs We may interact with certain unrelated companies that offer their customers memberships to participate in programs , which may include rewards for purchases from us . If you become a member of one of these programs or purchase something from us at this Web site through such a program , we may provide the company administering the membership program enough information about you or your purchase ( like contact information , transaction date , transaction amount , and order number ) , to enable it to honor your membership . We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies sponsoring these membership programs . Their terms , conditions , and policies apply to any information that 's provided to them to further their programs . Back To Top 1 . Our Sister Brands We may also share the information described in this policy , like postal and email address , customer preferences , and purchase history within our corporate family so that our affiliates may market to you . Our affiliates include such brands as Bath & Body Works , Beauty Avenues , Inc. , C.O . Bigelow , Henri Bendel , White Barn , the La Senza family of brands , Mast Global , and Slatkin & Co ..  2 . Contractors We use third-party " back-office " contractors to help handle parts of our business because of their expertise , resources , or scale . They help us do things like fulfill orders , process payments , provide some customer service through chat features , monitor site activity , serve surveys and provide analysis from the surveys when combined with website use , maintain databases , administer and monitor emails , ( e.g. , from Victoria 's Secret or Pink Nation ) , administer and send mobile messages ( e.g. , from Pink ) , serve ads on this and other Web sites as described above and provide consulting services . Contractors may also assist us in hosting microsites and mobile Web sites where you may provide personal information about you and others you know ; and where they may observe information about you in the same way as described above ( see What Personal Information Is Collected At Our Web Site , and How Is It Used ? )  3 . Other Marketers We may share your name , postal address , and summary purchase information with other merchants and merchant exchanges . Other merchants may , in turn , use this information to send you offers on their products and services . If you do n't want this information shared with these merchants and exchanges , please click here . 4 . Law Enforcement and Emergency Response We may disclose specific information about our Web-site visitors if we have a good-faith belief that it 's necessary or authorized under the law to protect our customers , the public , or our business . 5 . Sale or Merger In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business assets , including a brand or line of business , consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with the transaction . Nothing in this policy restricts our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you . Back To Top 1 . Email If you make an online purchase you may receive Victoria 's Secret or Victoria 's Secret Pink email . You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the removal instructions located at the bottom of each commercial email or by completing the removal from e-mail form . If you have joined Pink Nation , you may receive Pink Nation email . If at any time you 'd like to stop future delivery of Pink Nation email offers , simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each Pink Nation message . Opting out of any of these emails will not stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders , or customer service communications from the brand or line of business in question . We may occasionally provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive email messages from third parties . If you do opt in , we 'll share your e-mail address with the specific third party in question . Please review their privacy policies to see how they treat your personal information . 2 . Mobile Messaging If you 've signed up for mobile text messaging offers ( e.g. , from Pink ) but later decide you no longer wish to receive offers from one or both of these brands or lines of business , simply follow the opt-out instructions included in the mobile message . 3 . Postal Mail : Catalogs If you 'd like to specify your preferences for our catalogues ( including or postal-mail offers ) , simply follow the instructions on each such catalogue , or dial 1-800-411-5116 . To reduce postal mail click here . 4 . Victoria 's Secret Pink Nation Please keep in mind that Pink Nation is a separate and stand-alone program , which you may join by visiting the Pink Nation Web site . Accordingly , your unsubscribe preferences for Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink wo n't affect your Pink Nation preferences ( and vice versa ) . Please specify those preferences separately . 5 . Cookies , Clear Gifs , and Online Network Advertising You may always choose to block cookies or even clear cookies from your computer . Simply follow your browser 's instructions on how to block and clear cookies . Note that blocking cookies may not block the " first-party " cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site . By first-party cookies , we mean those cookies ( whether placed by us or a contractor ) that help us see how visitors use our site , and enable us to deliver our ads on our Web sites and other Web sites . Otherwise , clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time . Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies . Many Web sites rely on their cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect . With respect to cookies used as part of a survey , if you do not want the use of cookies to associate survey responses with your behavior on the site , you can elect to not take the survey . If you want to opt out of the display of our online advertising , which appears on other Web sites , and which is based on the association of your online information with your offline information through interactions with us ( purchase information , in particular ) , then please click the preference icon that may appear on such advertising . Additionally , if you want more information about online network advertising , in general , including access to some online network advertisers that allow you to designate your preferences , click here ( you 'll then leave this site for a centrally managed online site where you may specify your preferences ) . 6 . Other Marketers If you do n't want your basic contact and purchase information shared with other marketers ( other than our affiliates and our contractor/service providers ) , please click here . 7 . Our Affiliates If you do n't want your contact and purchase information shared between our affiliates ( such as Bath & Body Works ) , please call 1-800-411-5116 and request not to have your information shared . Back To Top We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date . You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information , and other account information , by logging onto our sites ( e.g. , Your Account on Victoria 's Secret and Victoria 's Secret Pink , or Edit Profile on your Pink Nation account ) . You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by clicking here . Back To Top This Web site has the following types of security measures : limited access data-centers , firewall technology , and secure-socket-layer ( SSL ) certificate authentication . SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that 's transmitted over the Internet . This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology-for example , Internet Explorer ( version 6.0 or higher ) , Firefox ( version 3.0 or higher ) , Safari ( version 4 or higher ) , Chrome ( version 2 or higher ) , and AOL ( version 9 or higher ) . While we implement the above security measures on this site , you should be aware that 100 % security is not always possible . Back To Top We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries . Our parent company ( L Brands ) has become a participant in the Safe Harbor program ( developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union ) specifically for our Victorias Secret and Victorias Secret Pink stores inand email sign-up Website forthe United Kingdom . ( They are governed by separate privacy policies , which may be accessed in those stores and on that Web site. )  L Brands has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice , Choice , Onward Transfer , Security , Data Integrity , Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data transferred from the European Union ( EU ) to the U.S . For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view L Brands ' certification , please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . If you wish to make an EU-related inquiry about privacy or data transfer , please contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services Back To Top 1 . General inquiries If you have general questions about our Privacy Policy , please feel free to contact us . 2 . Specific Questions about this Policy For specific questions , concerns , or complaints contact our Associate Vice President ( AVP ) of Legal and Compliance Services , who administers this policy . You may contact this person by letter or email at :  AVP , Privacy Legal & Compliance Services L Brands , Inc. 3 Limited Parkway Columbus , OH 43230 US generalcounsel @ limitedbrands.com ( ATTN : Privacy Matter )  3 . Safe Harbor Program Additionally , if you are an EU resident , and your matter is not resolved to your satisfaction through direct contact with our AVP , Privacy , you may contact the Direct Marketing Association ( DMA ) . We utilize the DMA Safe Harbor Program as an independent dispute resolution mechanism to address any complaint EU residents may have regarding data privacy matters . You may contact the DMA by letter or email at :  Safe Harbor Line Direct Marketing Association 1615 L St. , NW Suite 1100 Washington , DC 20036 US safeharbor @ the-dma.org Back To Top Please click here to view any material and substantive changes made since the last revision of this privacy policy . If you 're concerned about how your personal information is used , please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about VictoriasSecret.com . This Privacy Statement is effective December 17 , 2013 
Yahoo takes your privacy seriously . Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy . The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud , secure your computer and protect your personal information . How Yahoo Uses Your Personal Information This policy covers how Yahoo treats personal information that Yahoo collects and receives , including information related to your past use of Yahoo products and services . Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name , address , email address , or phone number , and that is not otherwise publicly available . This privacy policy only applies to Yahoo This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control , or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage . In addition , some companies that Yahoo has acquired have their own , preexisting privacy policies which may be viewed on our acquired companies page . Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program Yahoo participates in the Safe Harbor program developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union . To view our certification , visit the U.S. Department of Commerce 's Safe Harbor Web site . For more information about Yahoo 's participation in the Safe Harbor program , please visit our Safe Harbor details page . Return to top General Yahoo collects personal information when you register with Yahoo , when you use Yahoo products or services , when you visit Yahoo pages or the pages of certain Yahoo partners , and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes . Yahoo may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies . When you register we ask for information such as your name , email address , birth date , gender , ZIP code , occupation , industry , and personal interests . For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address , Social Security number , and information about your assets . When you register with Yahoo and sign in to our services , you are not anonymous to us . Yahoo collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners , including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer . Yahoo automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser , including your IP address , Yahoo cookie information , software and hardware attributes , and the page you request . Yahoo uses information for the following general purposes : to customize the advertising and content you see , fulfill your requests for products and services , improve our services , contact you , conduct research , and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients . Return to top When Yahoo has knowledge that a child under age 13 is attempting to register with Yahoo , we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Yahoo Family Account to obtain parental permission . Visit Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children 's privacy on Yahoo . Return to top Yahoo does not rent , sell , or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you 've requested , when we have your permission , or under the following circumstances : We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo under confidentiality agreements . These companies may use your personal information to help Yahoo communicate with you about offers from Yahoo and our marketing partners . However , these companies do not have any independent right to share this information . We have a parent 's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13 . See Children 's Privacy & Family Accounts for more information about our privacy practices for children under 13 . We respond to subpoenas , court orders , or legal process , or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims . We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate , prevent , or take action regarding illegal activities , suspected fraud , situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person , violations of Yahoo 's terms of use , or as otherwise required by law . We transfer information about you if Yahoo is acquired by or merged with another company . In this event , Yahoo will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy . Yahoo displays targeted advertisements based on personal information . Advertisers ( including ad serving companies ) may assume that people who interact with , view , or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteriafor example , women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area . Yahoo does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad . However , by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad . Yahoo advertisers include financial service providers ( such as banks , insurance agents , stock brokers and mortgage lenders ) and non-financial companies ( such as stores , airlines , and software companies ) . Yahoo works with vendors , partners , advertisers , and other service providers in different industries and categories of business . For more information regarding providers of products or services that you 've requested please read our detailed reference links . Return to top Yahoo may set and access Yahoo cookies on your computer . Yahoo lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer . Other companies ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies , not this one . Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Yahoo 's cookies . Yahoo uses web beacons to access Yahoo cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with Yahoo products and services . Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General You can edit your Yahoo Account Information , including your marketing preferences , at any time . New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time . Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive . We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Yahoo service , such as service announcements , administrative messages and the Yahoo Newsletter , that are considered part of your Yahoo account , without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them . You can delete your Yahoo account by visiting our Account Deletion page . Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted . Return to top We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs . We have physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you . To learn more about security , including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take , please read Security at Yahoo . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Yahoo may update this policy . We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Yahoo account or by placing a prominent notice on our site . Return to top If you have questions , suggestions , or wish to make a complaint , please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at : Yahoo ! Inc . Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 701 First Avenue Sunnyvale , CA 94089 ( 408 ) 349-5070 If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed , please click here for information on consumer agencies that may be able to provide you with additional assistance . Last Updated : May 31 , 2013 
This privacy policy lets you know what information we collect , how we may share that information , and your choices regarding the sharing of your information . This policy applies to Walgreens stores , Walgreens.com , any Walgreens Affiliate sites where you may interact with any of the Walgreens Family of Companies , and other places where we may collect personal information . By visiting Walgreens.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice . Personally Identifiable Information : Is information we collect that uniquely identifies you , the customer . This information may contain name , shipping address , email address , phone number , and prescription information , as well as other information you may choose to share while interacting with our site and online services . Non-Personal Information : Anonymous information is that information we collect that is not traceable to any individual person or computer . Walgreens utilizes this data to analyze trends and understand customer needs while shopping and interacting on our site so that we can provide a better user experience . For example , Walgreens may use cookies , web beacons , log files and other technologies to collect information about visitors to our Website , and interactions with our online advertisements and offerings . You can browse our sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself . Once you give us your personal information , you are not anonymous to us . If you choose to provide us with personal information , you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers . We may collect and store the following personally identifiable information :  Email address , physical contact information , and shipping , billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item ; Clicks and page information such as the address ( or URL ) of the web site that you came from before visiting our site , which pages you visit on our site , which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you have entered on our site ; Chat session information for customers using our Pharmacy Chat Service , which is logged for quality control purposes but not linked to your individual pharmacy record Customer service history including dispute resolution , correspondence through our sites , and correspondence sent to us ; Other information from your interaction with our sites , services , content and advertising , including computer and connection information , statistics on page views , traffic to and from the sites , ad data , IP address and standard web log information ; Information you choose to provide through the linking of devices where you are actively choosing to share personal information , including health information , to interact with an application or program we host on our site ; Information you choose to allow us access to through social media channels ; Information from other companies , such as demographic and navigation data ; and When you sign up for pharmacy services or order prescription drugs , our registration process asks you to provide us with a limited amount of personal and/or health-related information . This information is necessary to process your order and use our web site to access such functions as print prescription history and Auto Refills . Categories of personally identifiable information include : name , address , phone number , e-mail address , date of birth , billing/shipping information ( credit card number , shipping address ) , and Rx number . Cookies and Beacons " Cookies " are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer . Most cookies are " session cookies , " meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you sign out from Walgreens.com or close your web browser . We use cookies to provide features and services , such as :  Allowing you to enter your password less frequently Remembering your preferences Presenting information that 's targeted to your interests Measuring the effectiveness of our sites , services , content , and advertising Providing other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies A " web beacon " is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page . We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page to another and to improve site performance . We do n't sell or rent your personal information online to third parties for their marketing purposes . Personalization and experience improvements : We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services , content and advertising , as well as measure and improve its effectiveness . Walgreens advertising on other websites : Walgreens collects information about your activities on certain websites to send you targeted ads through the use of Flash Cookies . Examples include location-based advertising to provide information relevant in your area , or advertising that is specific to your device ( such as iPhones , tablets , or Android phones ) . In some cases , third parties may allow us to target advertising based on websites you have visited or demographic information . In these cases , your data is not collected by Walgreens or shared with Walgreens for direct use in our advertising . To opt-out of Flash Cookies , you may go to Adobe at http : //helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html . To opt-out of behaviorally targeted ads on third party sites you may go to http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . Third Party Offers : We may send offers to selected groups of customers on behalf of other businesses . When we do this , we do not give that business your name and address . If you do n't wish to receive e-mail marketing communications from us , simply indicate your preference under My Account/Communication Preferences or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement . Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe , smooth , efficient , and customized experience . Agents : We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf . These functions may include fulfilling orders , delivering packages , hosting sites from this website or walgreens.com including the photo site , product reviews , developing pictures or photo products , sending postal mail and e-mail , removing repetitive information from customer lists , analyzing data , or processing credit card payments . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not use it for other purposes . Prescriptions : We will not intentionally release your prescription information other than to you , Walgreen Co. and its subsidiaries , our agents ( such as contracted fulfillment parties , if any ) , your authorized representative , or your prescriber or other authorized medical professional . We may forward your prescription information to your insurance plan , so that we can handle reimbursement of your prescription purchase for your convenience . Disclosures : As required by law we will disclose medical and other information which may relate to you . For example , in compliance with the Methamphetamine Control Act of 1996 , We will provide the Drug Enforcement Administration with the name and address of each individual who purchases products on this website or Walgreens.com which contain the ingredients ephedrine or pseudophedrine . We , or our photo site host , may also disclose information which we believe to be in violation of Title 18 of the United States Code , Sections 2251 et seq. to appropriate law enforcement agencies . Invitees : You may invite other parties to view the content in your Photo Albums . Photo.Walgreens.com will share such information as may be necessary for your invitees to view the albums you designate . Business Transfers : As we continue to develop our business , we might sell or buy stores or assets . In such transactions , customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets . Also , in the unlikely event that Walgreens or substantially all of its assets are acquired , customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets and is permissible under law . Protection of Walgreens and Others : We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with laws ; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements ; or protect the rights , property , or safety of this website or Walgreens.com , our users , or others . This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction . We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our websites . These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services . Our web site uses a third-party service provider to serve images . This service allows us to improve your overall customer experience . We contract with Omniture , a service partner , to provide us with a data collection and reporting service to measure the effectiveness of promotions and e-mails as well as perform analysis of our customers ' activities on Walgreens.com . Information shared with Omniture includes ZIP code , gender , year of birth , city and state , and email address . No other personally identifiable information , such as your name , street address , etc. , is shared with Omniture . We contract with DoubleClick , a service partner , to serve ads on Walgreens.com and other sites . This technology uses cookies and beacons to improve our advertising . It tracks your visits to Walgreens.com and other sites so we may serve more relevant ads to you . No personally identifiable information about you is shared through this technology . Doubleclick does not share aggregate , unidentifiable info with third parties . Our relationship with AARP requires that we provide cookies to assist their contracted providers , i.e. Hitbox , with tracking for pages that have an AARP.walgreens.com url . Walgreens shares these cookies and unique url tags with AARP and their third-party service provider ( s ) for the purposes of web analytics and measurement . No personally identifiable information is shared . Our photo site is hosted by Snapfish , a subsidiary of Hewlett Packard Corporation . Log-in information to the photo site such as name , address , e-mail address , Walgreens.com user name , and opt-in/opt-out information relating to photo site promotions as well as credit card information provided to the photo site is shared with the photo site host and photo mail fulfillment vendor . These vendors are contractually prohibited from using the information obtained in the course of providing these services to photo.walgreens.com in any manner other than to help us provide the services available on the photo site . We may work with other companies who operate their own websites or mobile apps , to allow them to offer Walgreens customers the ability to connect to Walgreens services . These services give you more options for ways to use Walgreens services from websites or apps that are not owned or operated by Walgreens . We contract with companies including Samsung and Google to allow Walgreens customers to access their Balance Rewards account from those partners ' websites and/or mobile apps . This may include the ability to join Balance Rewards , add an existing Balance Rewards membership , and/or access your account balance . It is our intent not to sell to persons under the age of 18 and it is our policy not to do so . We sell children 's products for purchase by adults . If you are under 18 , you may use this website only with involvement of a parent or guardian . However photo.walgreens.com does allow for the viewing of albums by minors above the age of 13 but purchases of products must be made by an adult . Walgreens is committed to securing your personal information . We use technology that is designed for use with secure web servers . Prescription drug information resides in a database behind a firewall where it can not be accessed without proper authorization . Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) technology encrypts your personal information as well as your prescription health history as it is transmitted over the Internet . You maintain the security of your medical information by keeping your user name , password and other personal information confidential . Walgreens customer service representatives will never request your password . We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order . Of course , we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing . It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer . Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer . We recommend that you take the following precautions to safeguard your data : Use a complex password with unique numbers , letters and special characters , and do not disclose your Walgreens password to anyone . If you do share your password or your personal information with others , remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account . If your password has been compromised for any reason , you should immediately change your password . Keep your computer software up to date with the latest browser and anti-virus security software . Be aware of increasingly common email scams that may use your email address to contact you and ask for personal or sensitive information . Always be cautious when opening links or attachments from unsolicited third parties . Also know that Walgreens will not send you emails asking for your credit card number , social security number or other personally identifiable information . So if ever asked for this information , you can be confident it is not from Walgreens . Stop receiving e-mail and mobile marketing communications by changing your preferences online . If you have an online account , login to Your Account and click on Communication Preferences . If you do not have an online account you may click Unsubscribe from the bottom of Walgreens emails , and reply STOP to our text messages to stop receiving emails and SMS text messages . To request unsubscribing by email , contact Customerservice @ mail2.walgreens.com . Set your Web browser to not accept new cookies or web beacons , or be notified when you receive a new cookie , or disable cookies altogether . However , please note that without enabling these features , your experience on Walgreens.com will not be as smooth and you will not be able to take full advantage of our website 's features . Please see the Help section of your browser for instructions on managing security preferences . As our business changes , we will continue to implement new technologies and improve the services and features we provide . This privacy policy and the Terms of Use will be updated to reflect these changes . The use of information that we gather now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use . If there are changes or additions to this privacy policy , we will post those changes here or in other formats we deem acceptable , so that you will always know what information we collect online or offline , how we use it and what choices you have . It is your responsibility to review our privacy policy and Terms and Conditions for changes . If you have questions about our Privacy Policy , contact us by : Phone : ( 847 ) 236-6518 E-mail : privacy.office @ walgreens.com Regular mail : Walgreen Co . Privacy Office Attn : Privacy Officer 200 Wilmot Rd , MS 9000 Deerfield , IL 60015 
This policy applies to customer information we collect in the United States and Puerto Rico at Sam 's Club retail stores and through our websites . Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our operations in our retail stores . This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center . We collect your information from the following sources : Information you give us , such as during transactions , Member services , surveys , and online registrations . Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras . Read more about Information We Collect Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information . Sam 's Club Membership uses your information to provide products and services and to support core business functions . These uses include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . We may combine all the information we collect . We may disclose your information within our corporate family of companies . We may disclose your personal information to third parties under the following limited circumstances : with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products ; with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs , if you apply for Sam 's Membership , to help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information ; with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest , you may opt-out of this sharing ; in order to respond to Member inquiries from the account 's primary Member or from an officer or principal of a Business Member ; for certain business Members who purchase business resale merchandise , such as tobacco products , we may share information with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates . with your consent , and when necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , Members , or associates , or when otherwise required by law ; we may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control . Read more about How We Use and/or Share Your Information We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples include email newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following communication standards : We will not contact you via text message without your express consent ( opt in ) , We use an opt-out standard for all other marketing communications . This means we will conduct the activity unless you tell us not to . ( opt out ) . Learn more about how to opt out in the " Your Choices " section below . Information from other sources , such as companies that help us to update our records , and Information automatically collected when you visit our websites , such as via cookies , and in Clubs , such as via video cameras . Read more about Information We Collect Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences , product questions and general feedback/questions . Email Privacy Office - for privacy or Sam 's Club Privacy Policy feedback/questions . We recognize the importance of privacy and believe it is a matter of trust . Read our entire privacy policy . We are committed to providing you a fair and timely response to any privacy concern or questions you bring to us . Visit our corporate Privacy & Security Information Center for general tips and resources . Privacy Policy - Full Policy Sam 's Club recognizes the importance of our Members ' privacy . We believe that privacy is more than an issue of compliance - it is one of trust . We strive to manage your personal information based on our basic belief of respect for the individual . This policy describes : How and why we collect your personal information . How your information is used and protected . When and with whom we share your information . The choices you can make about how we collect , use , and share your information . Notice and Scope of Our Privacy Practices Our goal is to provide clear , prominent , and easily accessible information about our privacy practices . This policy applies to Member information obtained by Sam 's Club in connection with its operations , both in Clubs and online , in the United States and Puerto Rico . Sam 's Club has a specific Notice of Privacy Practices for its personal information practices relating to our Health and Wellness operations in our retail stores . This Notice is available at each Pharmacy and Optical Center . Information We Collect We collect personal information about you to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your shopping experience . We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection . Information You Give Us We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you interact with Sam 's Club , both in Clubs and online . Some examples are when you : Sign up for a Sam 's Club Membership ; Make an online or in-Club purchase from us ; Use a gift registry ; Conduct a transaction where we collect information , including when required by law ( such as purchasing certain cold medications ) ; Request Member service or contact us ; Submit a Sam 's Club related story , testimonial , rating or review , or other user-generated content that may be posted on the site ; Participate in a contest , sweepstake , promotion , or survey ; or Otherwise submit personal information to us along with any related content of the communication . Personal information is information that identifies you or is reasonably linked to you . The personal information we collect may include contact and payment information like your name , email and physical addresses , phone numbers , and credit and debit card information . When you ask us to ship an order , we may collect information you provide us such as the name , address , and phone number of recipients . For certain transactions , we may be required to collect information to comply with legal requirements . Information from Other Sources We may receive personal information about you from other sources as well . Examples of these sources are entities that can help us correct or supplement our records , improve the quality or personalization of our service to you , and help prevent or detect fraud . In addition , we may collect information from consumer reporting agencies or other service providers if you obtain certain financial products . Automated Information Collection We receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our websites , emails , and online advertising . Our purpose is to allow the websites to work correctly , to evaluate use of the website , and to support website analytics and marketing campaigns . Some examples include : We may collect technical information such as your internet protocol address , your computer 's operating system and browser type , the address of a referring website , if any , and the path you take through our web pages . We use " cookies " to recognize you as you use or return to our sites . This is done so that we can provide a continuous and more personalized shopping experience for you . A cookie is a small text file that a website or email may save to your browser on your hard drive . We may also use web beacons . Beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited , an email was opened , or if ad banners on our website and other sites were effective . Our Clubs utilize cameras Clubs for security and operational purposes , such as to measure traffic patterns . Except for security purposes , we do not use these cameras to identify you personally . How We Use Your Information Sam 's Club uses your information to offer and provide our products and services and to support our core business functions . These include order or service fulfillment , internal business processes , marketing , authentication , loss and fraud prevention , public safety and legal functions . Some examples include : To fulfill your requests for products and services and communicate with you about those requests ; To register and service your account ; To administer surveys , sweepstakes , contests , and promotions ; To provide Member service and alert you to product information , including recalls ; To help us improve and customize our service offerings , websites , and advertising ; To send you information about our products , services , and promotions ; and To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business . To accomplish these purposes , we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with offline information , including information from third parties . We may transfer or disclose your information within our corporate family of companies for these purposes . Sam 's Club may also receive and share information within the family of Walmart companies to better understand Member needs and improves services . How We Disclose Your Information Outside Sam 's Club Sam 's Club does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties . We only disclose your personal information with your prior consent or under the following limited circumstances . Service Providers We may disclose or otherwise make available personal information about you to service providers that help with our business operations . Examples are shipping vendors , billing and refund vendors , payment card processors , and companies that help us improve our product and service offerings and our websites . Your personal information may be stored and processed by our service providers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or Sam 's Club maintain facilities . We require our service providers to keep your information secure . In addition , our service providers may not use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf . Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others We may disclose your information in other special circumstances . These include situations when the sharing is necessary to protect the safety , property , or other rights of Sam 's Club , our Members , our associates , or any other person , or where otherwise required by law . Examples include protecting the health or safety of Members , or addressing crimes committed on Sam 's Club property . Data from in-Club security cameras may also be provided to law enforcement upon written request . Sam 's Club may provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order , or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law , or as otherwise required by applicable law . Credit Offers If you apply for a Sam 's Club Membership , we may share your information with the company that we partner with to offer credit card programs . To help you obtain the highest credit limit possible this may include your Membership and application information . Similarly , if you qualify for a credit account and are not offered a credit account by a Sam 's Club Associate we may share your information with our partner , so that they may extend the offer of credit as required by law . However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of consumer credit from all companies , including prescreened offers of Sam 's Club credit , by calling 1.888.567.8688 . Marketing Purposes From time to time , we may disclose information with carefully selected companies who may offer you products and services of interest . To opt out of this sharing click here and follow the instructions . These opt-outs do not apply to the Sam 's Club co-branded credit card or to data sharing regarding business customers that purchase business resale merchandise . Business Member Inquiries We may share information regarding a Business Membership with the account 's primary Member or an Officer or Principal of the business in order to respond to their inquiry . We may share information about Business Members resale merchandise purchases , such as tobacco products , with our partners in order to enable them to offer such customers discounts or rebates . Business Transfers We may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a merger or sale ( including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings ) involving all or part of Sam 's Club or as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control . Your Choices Data Collection , Use , or Disclosure Sam 's Club collects , uses , or discloses your personal information consistent with this policy . The method of obtaining consent is appropriate for the type of personal information being collected , used , or disclosed . For example , we will obtain your express consent ( verbal , written , or electronic agreement ) to collect , use , or disclose personal health information in accordance with law . In other situations , we consider consent to be implied , such as to use your email for marketing purposes , unless you opt out of these communications such as by unsubscribing . Marketing Preferences We want to communicate with you in ways you want to hear from us . Examples are newsletters , special offers , and new product announcements . We use the following communication standards : We use an opt-in standard for text messages . Opt-in means we will only conduct the activity with your express consent . We use an opt-out standard for email or for other marketing communications like mail . Opt-out means we consider your consent is implied , but will not conduct the activity on your request . You may opt-out of receiving different types of Sam 's Club marketing material in the following ways Online : By logging on to your samsClub.com account and clicking " edit " on the Member profile section . By Email : You may email privacy @ samsClub.com for assistance . By Mail : Sam 's Club , 2101 SE Simple Savings Drive , Bentonville , AR 72716-0745 , Attention : Membership Department By Phone : You may call Member Services by dialing 1.888.746.7726 . In Club : You may request to opt out at the Membership desk of your local Sam 's Club . If you contact us by email or mail , please be sure to include your full name , Membership number , and the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive , and your related contact information . For instance , if you would like to opt out of mail , include your mailing address . Please allow sufficient time for your preferences to be processed . It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email and 4-6 weeks for other requests . Please be aware that , even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us , we may still contact you for transactional purposes . Some examples are contacts for Member service , product information , service or reminder notices , or recalls . We may also need to contact you with questions or information regarding your order , such as regarding order status , shipment , or refunds . How to Access and Update Your Information Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete . You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways : If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account . Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated . Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this policy . Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures . Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect . We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request . If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below . If you need assistance accessing records related to your Vision Center , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  You can deactivate your Sam 's Club account if you wish . Please contact our Member Service Department by calling 1 ( 888 ) 746-7726 for further instructions about deactivating your Samsclub.com account . Joint or Co-branded Marketing Material : We may also share your personal information with partners when we team up to offer or provide products , services , contests , or promotions that are of value to Members . If you would like to opt-out of this type of sharing , click here and follow the instructions . Please note your choice to opt-out under any of the above will apply only to the individual cardholder Membership . If there are several cardholder Memberships under a single Account ( such as a spouse 's card or add-on card ) , each person with a Membership card must opt-out . Credit offerings The above marketing preferences do not apply to our credit card offerings since these are provided through our financial institution partner ( s ) . However , you can choose to stop receiving prescreened offers of credit from all companies , including our prescreened offers , by calling 1.888.567.8688 or by going to www.optoutprescreen.com . Online Operations and Advertising You may exercise choices related to our online operations and advertising . For instance , you can choose to browse our websites without accepting cookies Please know that cookies allow us to recognize you from page to page , and they support your transactions with us . Without cookies enabled , you will still be able to browse our websites , but will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain website features . To learn more about cookies , including how to refuse cookies on your computer , follow these links : Microsoft Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox All About Cookies Adobe Flash Cookies You may also opt-out of certain online advertising called interest-based advertising . Interest-based ads are ads that are served to you based on your browsing behavior . The goal is to show you ads more tailored to your interests . We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you advertisements on our website that are more relevant to your interests . As an example , if you browse for electronics with us or other sites , we may show you ads for electronics as you browse our website . Advertisements may relate to Sam 's Club or our advertising partners . We do not disclose personal data about you with advertising partners to place an ad for them . We only retain data related to the ads for legitimate business purposes . In addition , we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites . You may see ads for Sam 's Club on participating websites based on how you browse our website and those sites . We do not allow the network provider to provide your browsing behavior on our website to other websites . You may opt-out of either interest-based advertising on our website , or interest-based advertising on other sites , as described above . Other websites you visit may offer their own opt-out methods as well . If you do opt-out of interest-based advertisements , you may still see advertisements on websites you visit , just not ads based on your browsing behavior . About Our Ads Ads Displayed on SamsClub.com Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for Sam 's Club or our advertising partners that are more relevant to your interests . Learn more about your options , including how to opt out of this type of advertising . Please note : If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads on SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop . Sam 's Club Ads Displayed on Other Sites Some websites may belong to ad networks that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites ; the displayed ads may include advertising for Sam 's Club . To learn more , and to opt out of seeing interest-based advertisements on these sites , visit the Network Advertising Initiative home page . Websites may also offer their own opt-out methods for interest-based advertising . Sam 's Club Advertising Sam 's Club may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests . If you choose to opt out , you will continue to see ads while browsing SamsClub.com , but they will not be based on how you browse and shop . Cookie Status : Your current settings allow you to see interest-based advertisements while browsing or shopping on SamsClub.com . Once you have opted out , we will no longer use your browsing and shopping behavior to select which ads are displayed to you on SamsClub.com . You will continue to see ads on our site . To successfully opt out , you must have cookies enabled in your Web browser ( see your browser 's instructions for information on cookies and how to enable them ) . Opting out only applies to your current Web browser on your current computer . If you use multiple computers or multiple Web browsers , you must opt out using each one . Once you opt out , if you delete your browser 's saved cookies , you will need to opt out again . How to Access and Update Your Information Sam 's Club takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete . You can access or update your personal information , including contact or account information , in the following ways : If you have created an account on one of our websites , log into your account . Once you do , you will be able to enter and update your own contact information and payment information , as well as contact information for recipients you have designated . Contact us at the email or postal address listed in the " Contact Us " section at the bottom of this policy . Please include your current contact information , the information you are interested in accessing , and your requested changes . We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available , unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals and subject to reasonable limitations provided by law and internal procedures . Otherwise we will describe the types of information we typically collect . We will provide access and make changes you request , or will provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to take with regard to the request . If you need help accessing your information related to a service provided by a third party , we will assist you by referring you to the third party . Please contact us via the " Contact Us " section below . If you need assistance accessing records related to your Optical , Pharmacy , or financial services information , please visit the section below related to " Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information. "  How We Secure Your Information Securing your information is a company priority . Whether you are shopping online or in our Clubs , we use reasonable security measures to help protect the confidentiality of personal information . Online Protections Your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account . Please keep this password confidential . We also use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) . If your browser is capable of SSL ( and most are ) , your account information will be protected during transport across the Internet . When you enter a secure portion of a website , which is any page containing any of your account information , an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window . If you click on this image , a small pop-up window displaying website security information will appear . This display indicates that your personal information is transmitted in encrypted form to a Sam 's Club web server , not to some unknown or unauthorized server . Hard Copy and Electronic Storage Protections Personal information that is maintained in our offices or Clubs is subject to physical , administrative , and technical controls as well . Hard copies of sensitive personal information are maintained in locked locations or cabinets with similar restrictions for electronic storage . When disposed of , the information is shredded , destroyed , erased , or otherwise sought to be made unreadable . Privacy Protections for Specific Types of Information Pharmacy and Optical Centers When you use our Pharmacy and Optical Center services , you may provide us with your health information so that we may process your request . We understand the sensitive nature of such information and respect your privacy by keeping it confidential in accordance with laws and our policies . Our Notice of Privacy Practices for personal health information describes how we protect the information and how you may access it . This notice is provided to you by the Pharmacy or Optical Center at the first time of service or can be requested at any time at your local Sam 's Club . Financial Products and Services When you obtain financial products and services from us , and our partner , GE Capital Retail Bank ( GECRB ) , we may collect and use certain financial-related information . We understand the sensitive nature of this information as well , and protect it in accordance with laws and our policies . Find out more about GECRB 's Privacy Policy . We protect payment card information we collect during transactions . We comply with industry standards that require safeguards for handling and securing Member information . These include using secure networks ; encryption or other protection of cardholder data ; physical and technical access controls ; monitors and tests of security systems ; and information security policies . Changes to the Sam 's Club Privacy Policy Please check our privacy policy periodically for changes . We will also notify you of significant updates and will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the privacy policy . Contact Us Email Member Services - for Club experience , marketing preferences and general feedback/questions . Contacting the Privacy Office Email Privacy Office - Please feel free to contact the privacy office with any questions or comments about this policy or about how your information is handled . You can also contact us via the addresses below : Mail : Sam 's Club Corporate Privacy Office , MS # 505 508 SW 8th Street Bentonville , AR 72716-0160 Your California Privacy Rights Our privacy policy describes how we share information for marketing purposes . The policy and rights apply to all Members , including California residents : We share information with others outside of Sam 's Club , unless you ask us not to ( opt-out ) . See How We Share Your Information Outside Sam 's Club . We also share information with other businesses within our corporate family , such as Walmart . See How We Use Your Information . Please contact us with any questions , or to request a list of third parties to whom we may disclose information for marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose , via the Contact Us section above . Effective : September 25 , 2013 
At QVC , we are committed to giving you quality service . As part of that commitment , we gather information about our customers , users of our websites and other services , and visitors so we can better serve you . Because we realize that your privacy is important to you , your privacy is also important to us . Whether you visit or buy from our show , one of our stores , or one of our websites such as QVC.com , or through one of our other services such as QVC 's mobile services or a QVC software application ( i.e. , a widget ) downloaded to your desktop ( all of which together with our websites we will refer to as " services " ) , you can be assured that we respect the confidentiality of personal information that identifies you and treat that information responsibly . As described in this Privacy Statement , we do not authorize the selling or renting of your personal information to third parties for their business purposes . By using a QVC service , you accept the practices that are described in this Privacy Statement , which is effective as of September 11th , 2008 , and is part of the General Terms and Conditions of Use governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing any other QVC service you use . If , however , another QVC service sets forth a separate or additional privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy , then that separate privacy statement , terms and conditions , or other policy shall apply in connection with your use of that service . This Privacy Statement does not apply to personal information that is collected through the websites of QVC 's affiliates based outside the United States or through any other services offered by QVC 's affiliates outside the United States . We may change or add to this Privacy Statement from time to time . When that happens , we will post the revised Privacy Statement here . Your use of one of our services after changes to this Privacy Statement have been posted constitutes your knowledge and acceptance of those changes ( i.e. , that the changes may be applied to the information we collect from and about you ) . QVC is not responsible for the privacy or data collection policies or practices of the services from which you access our services , of services we link to , or of any services that are linked to our services . This Privacy Statement tells you what kinds of information we collect about our customers , users , and visitors , how we use that information and with whom we may share it , and how you can access and change our information about you . If you have additional questions about QVC 's privacy practices or would like more information , please contact Privacy-Statement @ QVC.com . What personal information do we collect from our customers ? What other kinds of customer information do we collect ? How do we collect this information ? How do we use cookies ? How do we use web beacons ? What if you do n't want to give us personal information ? How do we protect our customers ' personal information ? How do we use information about our customers ? How do we share customers ' personal information with third parties ? How do we share other kinds of information about our customers with third parties ? How can users check or change the information we collect from or about them ? What are third party affinity programs ? Do we collect personal information from children ? View our Safe Harbor Statement We gather personal information about our customers so we can better serve you , and we make reasonable efforts to ensure the security of your personal information and to treat that information responsibly . We collect the personal information that you give us voluntarily or in response to our request when you choose to purchase a product from us or use one of our services . For example , when you register with QVC we will ask you to provide information such as your name , e-mail address , physical address , and telephone number . Registration with QVC is generally required to make a purchase or to use one of our community functions such as posting a message on a community forum or submitting a product review . Similarly , we will ask you for contact information if you use our notify a friend program or if you request that we send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices or seek information or assistance from us . If you purchase a product , we will also ask you for financial information such as your QCard or other credit card number and for a billing address and a shipping address . Additional personal information may be collected from you in connection with your use of certain optional services and features we offer . For example , if you register for QVC 's mobile services , we will ask you to provide information such as your cell phone number and the name of your mobile provider , as well as the payment method , billing address , and shipping address you want to use for any purchases through this service . You will also be requested to specify payment and shipping information in advance if you want to purchase items using a speed purchase feature . Similarly , entering one of our contests or sweepstakes , submitting an employment application , or using one of our community functions may involve our collection of further personal information from you such as your social security number and chosen nickname . If you sign up to receive Today 's Special Value e-mails , messages or e-newsletters , you may be asked to provide information concerning your personal interests . We may also collect personal information from your creation of wish lists or reminders . If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we may also collect personal information from you about your membership and your purchases from us . Return to top If you ask us to ship a purchase to somebody else or you use our notify a friend feature , we will ask you to provide the name and address or e-mail address of the person to whom you are sending or recommending the product , as well as your name and contact information . We may also obtain personal information about you such as contact information , updated address and shipping instructions , and credit information from agents , consultants , contractors , carriers , and other third parties . We may also collect contact and other information about prospective customers . Additionally , our system keeps track of technical information about your computer or mobile device , such as the browser type and version , browser plug-in types and versions , and operating system of your computer , the Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) or other provider you use to access certain of our services , and your internet protocol ( ip ) address , location , and time zone setting . To help us understand the use of our services by our visitors and improve your shopping experience and to aid us in marketing and managing our services , we also automatically collect information as to how you were directed to them , how you navigate around them , what products you browse , and your purchasing activities . Return to top When you register with QVC , we compile the personal information you give us about yourself into an individual profile , adding other personal information about you to that profile as we obtain it . We also collect information about your purchases and other uses of our services as they occur . Personal and other information about prospective customers may be collected by us or obtained from our business partners or other third parties . We automatically gather other information ( including the technical information identified above ) when you access certain of our services , including through the use of cookies and web beacons . Return to top Cookies enhance our ability to serve you . Basically , they 're pieces of text that a website stores on your computer an identification code of sorts . This cookie can be accessed by the website when you revisit it . We use two types of cookies : session cookies and persistent cookies . Session cookies terminate shortly after you terminate your internet session . Persistent cookies are stored on your hard drive until they expire or are deleted . Both types of cookies help provide an enhanced user experience since they recall your use of the Internet and our services , shopping preferences , shopping cart information , and your password . We understand that not everyone wants to permit the use of cookies . The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies and how to disable cookies , but we recommend that you leave cookies turned on so that you can take full advantage of the shopping features we offer . Return to top Web beacons are small , transparent graphics that are placed on web pages to track how visitors arrive at a website and what they do there . We use web beacons to track customers ' visits to and browsing activities at our websites and to compile sales and statistical data . For example , beacons let us know when a purchase is made on one of our websites by a member of one of our third party affinity programs and when a purchase is initiated by an advertisement we placed on a third party 's website . This information assists us in marketing and managing our websites and enhancing your shopping experience . Return to top Personal information is required for you to make a purchase , request information or assistance , or take advantage of certain services and features we offer , such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , or on-line employment applications . If you do not want to provide personal information through use of these services and features , you are free to look for products offered through any of our marketing channels and place a telephone order by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or by visiting one of our stores . We respect the confidentiality of all your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement whether you give it to us over the telephone , at one of our stores , or via any other means . Return to top QVC participates in the VeriSign Secured Seal Program . All of your personal information is encrypted by Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) software when it is transmitted to us via the Internet to any website address beginning with https . We maintain the servers that store this information in a facility with restricted access . We also truncate your credit card number to the last four digits when we communicate with you about your order . Return to top We use your personal information to process your orders . This includes for example , contacting you to confirm your order , fulfilling it , and shipping it . We may also contact you about your order . Additionally , we will use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional notices , or to respond to requests for information or assistance from you . If you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will use and disclose your personal information to administer and manage that program . Similarly , if you choose to participate in certain services or features we offer such as QVC 's mobile services and desktop applications , our notify a friend feature , community functions , contests or sweepstakes , and on-line employment applications , we will use your personal information to administer and manage those services and features . We may also use your personal information to improve our service to you , to customize the content you see , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes . For example , we periodically review customer information as part of servicing our accounts . We may also contact you from time to time to inform you of the services that we offer and to gather information about how we can improve them . Finally , we analyze information we obtain automatically , including from cookies and web beacons , concerning our customers ' use of , access to , and navigation of our services and their browsing and purchasing activities to improve , customize , and market our services and content , to enhance our customers ' shopping experiences , and for research , marketing , and other business purposes . Return to top In order to receive and process your orders and requests , we may provide your name , address , and other personal information , such as your e-mail address and telephone number , to other entities such as credit card companies and package delivery services ( for example , American Express , Visa , UPS , and USPS ) . Similarly , if you order a product that is shipped directly from another company , or offered by us in conjunction with another company , we will share personal information about that order with the other company . We may use third party agents , consultants , and contractors to perform business functions on our behalf , including customer service , credit review , account servicing , customer research , marketing , provision of IT services , and records maintenance . We give these entities access to our customers ' personal information to perform these functions for us . We DO NOT authorize them to use that information for any other purpose . Additionally , we share personal information about you when you voluntarily use certain optional services and features we offer . For example , if you are a member of one of our third party affinity programs , we will share information concerning your purchases from us with the organization running that program . If you ask us to send a particular product to another person or use our notify a friend feature , we will tell that person we are sending the product or e-mail at your request . If you participate in a contest or sweepstakes or submit an employment application , we may share the information you submit with others assisting us in the administration of that feature . If you use one of our community functions , the content of your posting will be available to all other participants and will be accompanied by your user name or chosen nickname . It is possible that QVC or part of its business or one of its affiliates could merge with , acquire or be acquired by another business entity and your personal information could be among the assets transferred . If this occurs , you will be notified of the change by e-mail or notice on this website or one of our other services . We reserve the right to share personal information about you with our affiliates in the course of our business operations . We also reserve the right to share personal information about you when we believe this to be appropriate to comply with the law or in cooperation with legal authorities , to enforce the General Terms and Conditions governing use of this website and the terms and conditions governing the use of our other services , or to protect the rights , property , safety , or other interests of QVC and its customers . Return to top We may share non-personal , non-individually identifiable information about our customers with the group of people with whom we share personal information , as well as with other third parties such as vendors , advertisers , and marketing firms . Return to top You can always review your personal profile at QVC and correct or update it by going to the area of one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the specific type of information that you wish to correct or update . You can also change personal information such as your shipping address or payment method when ordering . You can subscribe to or unsubscribe from e-newsletters and other promotional notices by going to the area on one of our services dealing with customers ' accounts and accessing the type of communication service you wish to change . Our customer service representatives are also ready to assist you in checking or changing your personal profile or removing your name from our contact lists . You can reach them through links to customer service that appear throughout our services , by e-mail , or by calling 1.888.345.5788 toll-free or writing to :  QVC , Inc . Customer Service 1200 Wilson Drive West Chester , PA 19380 You can opt out of our use of cookies to recall information about you by setting your browser not to accept cookies or to disable cookies . You can not access or change the non-personal information that we collect . However , you can opt out of the process by which certain categories of information are collected at this website by clicking here . Return to top Occasionally , we participate in rewards programs with other business organizations where customers who are also members of these businesses will get a credit or a reward for their QVC purchases from the other member organizations . We also sometimes advertise QVC products on other services in the form of a link so that visitors can click over to our services and purchase the products if they are interested . In these situations , we share information about our customers ' QVC purchases with these other member organizations and other services under the contracts these entities have with QVC . Return to top Our services are not intended for use by children , and the terms and conditions governing the use of our services require that you must be at least 18 years old to use them . In addition , we do not solicit or collect information from anyone who tells us that he or she is under 13 years of age . 
The LivingSocial privacy policy ( the Privacy Policy ) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection , use and disclosure of Personal Information and other information you submit to us through LivingSocial . By accessing or otherwise using the LivingSocial websites , e-mails or other services ( collectively LivingSocial ) , you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy ( which is incorporated into and forms a part of the LivingSocial Conditions of Use ) and consent to the processing of your information according to the Privacy Policy . Collection of Information Use and Disclosure of Information Choices About Your Information Third Party Advertising and Sites Security Children 's Personal Information Access Enforcement Changes to this Privacy Policy How to Contact Us We collect the following types of information : Personal Information that You Provide In general , we collect Personal Information that you submit to us voluntarily through LivingSocial . We also collect information that you submit in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on LivingSocial . For example , our registration and login process requires you to provide us with your name , valid e-mail address and password of your choice . Use of some of our services may require you to save a delivery or shipping address . When you personalize your profile and use the features of LivingSocial , we will collect any information you voluntarily provide , and we may also request optional information to support your use of LivingSocial , such as your year of birth , gender and other demographic information . We collect information in the form of the content that you submit during your use of LivingSocial , such as photos , reviews , ratings and other information you choose to submit . We may also collect information about you and your friends who use LivingSocial from any social network you may have connected from , in order to provide you with a more personalized experience . For instance , we may collect your user name or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through LivingSocial in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and connections . To enable payment for services purchased through Living Social , we collect and store billing and credit card information . For example , when you purchase a Deal , you submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment for the Deal . When you sign up for , or win , any contests , sweepstakes or other activities that we make available on LivingSocial , we will collect the information designated along with such activity , which may include contact information such as your address and phone number . If you choose to sign up to receive information about products or services that may be of interest to you , we will collect your e-mail address and other related information . Additionally , we collect any information that you voluntarily enter , including Personal Information , into any postings , comments or forums within the LivingSocial community . Personal Information from Other Sources We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources with which you have registered or interacted , companies who we have partnered with ( collectively , Partners ) or other third parties . We may associate this information with the other Personal Information we have collected about you . E-mail and E-mail Addresses If you send an e-mail to us , or fill out our Feedback form through LivingSocial , we will collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail , including attached files , and other information you provide . We may use and display your full name and e-mail address when you send an e-mail notification to a friend through LivingSocial or the social network from which you have connected to LivingSocial ( such as in an invitation , or when sharing your content ) . Additionally , we may use your e-mail address to contact you on behalf of your friends ( such as when someone sends you a personal message ) or to send notifications from a social network or other website with which you have registered to receive such notifications . We may also use your e-mail address to contact you for things such as notifications of limited-edition shop sales and other related information . You may indicate your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below . Information Collected Via Technology As you use LivingSocial , certain information may be passively collected and stored on our or our service providers ' server logs , including your Internet protocol address , browser type and operating system . We also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators ( URLs ) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and viewed , or on which of the advertisements displayed on LivingSocial you clicked . An Internet protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet . In some cases your IP Address stays the same from browser session to browser session ; but if you use a consumer internet access provider , your IP Address probably varies from session to session . Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer 's hard drive while you are viewing the site . We may use both session Cookies ( which expire once you close your web browser ) and persistent Cookies ( which stay on your computer until you delete them ) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with LivingSocial . Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser help file directions . In order to use our services offered through LivingSocial , your web browser must accept Cookies . If you choose to disable Cookies , some aspects of LivingSocial may not work properly , and you may not be able to receive our services . You can manage your cookie preferences via your browser settings ( see http : //www.aboutcookies.org for more information )  Mobile & Location Information If you use mobile-enabled services provided by Living Social , such as any LivingSocial mobile application made available by us , we may receive information about your use of our services from your mobile device while you use our applications or services . This may also include information about your precise location if you have enabled location-based services on your mobile device . Certain applications or services may also require addition information collection , such as information to be sent when you are not logged into LivingSocial for alerts services , and the terms of such collection will be identified when you subscribe to or sign up for such services or applications . Social Media Information Certain information you post or provide through LivingSocial for public posting , such as your name , profile , comments , collections and reviews , may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of LivingSocial , including without limitation , social media applications and other public fora in which you choose to participate . Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose Personal Information when posting comments or other information or content through LivingSocial , this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others , including people outside the LivingSocial community . Please also be aware that if you choose to share or tweet deals or your purchases , they will become publicly available on the Facebook and Twitter websites . It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish . We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of LivingSocial available to others , and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise . You may choose to log in or access Living Social using the Facebook Connect feature or by downloading the LivingSocial mobile app through Facebook or another third party platform . By doing this , you are authorizing that third party platform to send us certain information from your account with them , and you authorize us to collect , store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the third party platform . Feedback Information If you provide feedback to us , we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose , provided we do not associate such feedback with your Personal Information . We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the Personal Information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy . You agree that any such comments and any e-mail we receive becomes our property . We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you . In general , Personal Information and other information you submit or share with us is used for the following purposes by LivingSocial : to enable your access to our services ; to provide , maintain , protect , develop and improve LivingSocial ; to fulfill your requests for products and services ; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners ; and to offer you additional information , opportunities , promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf , or from our partners or our advertisers at your request . Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy , we do not sell , trade , rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes the Personal Information that we collect with third parties , unless you ask or authorize us to do so . We may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers or affiliates who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of LivingSocial and to help us communicate with you . Examples of such services include sending e-mail , analyzing data , providing marketing assistance , voucher management services , processing payments ( including credit card payments ) and providing customer service . We limit information provided to the aforementioned affiliate and third party service providers to the extent necessary for them to provide the services and require such service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us . We may share some or all of your Personal Information ( other than credit card information ) with Merchants whose Deals you have purchased for their commercial purposes and to provide the Deal . If you do not want us to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy , you may not use LivingSocial . Certain Deals may expressly require you to submit information for fulfillment at the point of purchase , and Merchants may separately request information from you as necessary to redeem the Voucher you have purchased , or for their own purposes . A merchant 's collection and use of any information shall be governed by that Merchant 's own privacy policy . Additionally , we do share your content preferences and other information with social networks you have connected with LivingSocial , along with those companies and persons you have asked us to share your information with . We may share some or all of your Personal Information with LivingSocial affiliated and group companies that are under a common control , so that they may send daily deal e-mails to you , in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy . We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our site . This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from , what actions they took on our site and where visitors went when they left our site . If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here . In addition , HasOffers provides us with analytics services related to downloads of our mobile app . If you would like to learn more about this service , or about choices to opt out from it , please click here . We may also develop non-personal information concerning LivingSocial users , using de-identification processes to help ensure that such information can not reasonably be re-associated or connected with you as an individual . Generally , we aggregate this information and use it in statistical analysis to help us analyze patterns in the use of LivingSocial . This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of de-identified information ( i.e. , that is not connected with you as a user ) in any way , and we reserve the right to use and disclose such information to our partners , advertisers and other third parties in our discretion . In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger , acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred . You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy , and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer 's assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy . We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to ( a ) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us ; or ( b ) to protect and defend our rights or property , you , or third parties . You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein . We offer you choices regarding the collection , use and sharing of your Personal Information . You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes . When you receive promotional communications from us , you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly at privacy @ livingsocial.com . Despite your indicated e-mail marketing preferences , we may send you administrative e-mails regarding LivingSocial , including , for example , administrative and transactional confirmations , and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner . If you use Living Social services provided through mobile devices , you may have additional choices , including over whether location services are enabled . Additionally , if you use other social media services in connection with Living Social , the providers of these services may provide you with additional choices concerning the types of data shared with LivingSocial . We may enable advertisers and ad servers to promote third-party products and/or services by placing advertisements on LivingSocial . These advertisers and ad servers may use Cookies , Web Beacons ( which are usually small , transparent graphic images ) or similar technologies in order to monitor information related to the serving of their advertisements , and may use information gathered over time and across Web sites in order to make the ads you receive more relevant . Clicking on such advertisements will direct you to the website of a third-party and the advertiser . We also engage in remarketing to market our sites , products and services or those of our trusted advertising partners across the web : when a user visits our site , a Cookie is dropped on the user , and advertising networks may deliver targeted advertisements to users with this Cookie . We do not share any of your Personal Information with our remarketing ad networks or advertisers . You have choices about third-party advertising : both the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance allow you to opt out from online behavioral advertising by their participating companies . LivingSocial may contain links to other websites or may make third-party applications available to our users . Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites or applications . We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit or application they use . This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through LivingSocial and does not apply to these third-party websites or applications . The ability to access information of third parties from LivingSocial , or links to other websites or locations , is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties , their products , their services , other websites , locations or their content . We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information . We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , use or disclosure . Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your Personal Information , no company , including us , can fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information . LivingSocial does not direct its websites to children under the age of thirteen . We market families-related products or services for purchase by adults . We require registered users of the site to be at least eighteen years old . Protecting the privacy of children is very important . If we obtain actual knowledge that a registered user is under eighteen , we will promptly delete information associated with such account . By using LivingSocial , you are representing that you are at least eighteen years old . You have the right to request a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you . If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information , please contact us at privacy @ livingsocial.com . We may charge a reasonable fee for this service . We want to make sure that your information is accurate and up-to-date . You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate . You may change any of your profile information by editing it in the profile settings page . Personal or other information about you collected on LivingSocial sites and services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which LivingSocial or its affiliates , subsidiaries and services providers maintain facilities . LivingSocial complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection , use and retention of information from European Union Member Countries . To learn more about the Safe Harbor program , please visit the Safe Harbor Website . This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision at our discretion , and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Information , we will post an alert on this page or may otherwise post an alert on the LivingSocial website . If you object to any such changes , you must cease using LivingSocial . Continued use of LivingSocial following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes . California Residents If you are a California resident , you may request that we provide to you ( i ) a list of the categories of personal information about you that LivingSocial has disclosed to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes during the calendar year preceding your request , ( ii ) the names and addresses of such third parties , and ( iii ) if the nature of the third parties ' business can not reasonably be determined from their names , examples of the products or services marketed , if known to LivingSocial , sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties ' business . To submit your request , please e-mail privacy @ livingsocial.com . If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy , please contact us at : privacy @ livingsocial.com . Last updated : January 22 , 2013 
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective Date : This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 . At Bed Bath & Beyond we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and therefore do not sell or rent our customers ' Personal Information to any third party . Further , we do not share your Personal Information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes without first providing you the opportunity to opt-in or opt-out of such sharing . You may request information about how we share information consistent with this Privacy Policy by contacting us at : privacy.information @ bedbath.com . The www.bedbathandbeyond.com web site ( the " Site " ) is owned , operated and maintained by Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , the parent company to the group of subsidiaries that operate retail store chains under the names Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY , and such other brands as we may acquire or launch from time to time . We refer to Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , as , the " Company " while we refer to the Bed Bath & Beyond , Christmas Tree Shops , Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY and other brands collectively as , the " Brands " . We refer to the Company and the Brands together as " Bed Bath & Beyond " " we " " us " or " our. "  This page sets forth our policies regarding the use and disclosure of information we collect from or are able to obtain about the Site 's users . We refer to these policies as our Privacy Policy . In addition to the lower case words we us and our defined above , you will notice that we capitalize certain words in this Privacy Policy even though the rules of grammar do not require that they be capitalized . We do this because these words have specific meanings in this Privacy Policy . These specific meaning are found where the capitalized words are placed in bold text and inside quotation marks . We hope this Privacy Policy will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from our Site . If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy , other than requests for our information sharing practices as described in the first paragraph above , please feel free to contact us at customer.service @ bedbath.com or , if you wish to exclude your Personal Information from our direct marketing programs including e-mail , please refer to the section titled How to Opt-Out , below . This Privacy Policy governs use of the Site and all the web sites operated by us , except where the Company or one of the Brands may have a separate policy in place for a specific web site other than the Site ( an Other Web Site ) . In such a case the policy applicable to the Other Web Site will be available at the Other Web Site and will govern the use of the Other Web Site . This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us , or that we may obtain through means other than the Site , such as by phone or postal mail , but please note that Personal Information obtained through such means will be treated in accordance with the first paragraph above and our use of such Personal Information will be consistent with this Privacy Policy . By accessing and using the Site you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy , you are not authorized to use the Site . Furthermore , by providing us with Personal Information on this Site , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy . As we update and diversify our products and services , this Privacy Policy may change . We reserve the right , at our discretion , to change , modify , add , or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time . Please check this page for updates periodically . If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy , we will notify you here . Unless the law otherwise requires , we do not provide notice of changes to this Privacy Policy and your use of the Site following any posted changes will indicate your acceptance of such changes . This Privacy Policy became effective in November , 1999 , and was most recently changed on November 7 , 2010 . The last change to this policy was :  Clarification on our use of third party advertisers Clarification regarding the use of Personal Information for processing returns and exchanges , and for protection against fraud and error Elimination of paragraph regarding information sharing with UPromise , whose participants now receive their benefits through other means What Information Do We Actively Collect and Inactively Gather ? In order to process orders efficiently , when you place an order with us or register an account on the Site we actively collect the following personal information : name , billing address , shipping address , e-mail address , phone number , and credit card number ( Personal Information ) . If you prefer not to disclose your Personal Information online , you can always place your order by calling 1-800-GO BEYOND ( 1-800-462-3966 ) or visiting one of our many stores . You may need to visit a separate site to find locations for the Brands . We may periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Site for internal research purposes that may include marketing . This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from us . If you respond to such surveys , we may ask you for some Personal Information and/or may contact you for more information , but only if you have given us permission to do so . We may also receive information about you from other sources . We ( including through our third party service providers ) may inactively collect from you information that is not in the same category as Personal Information . For example , we might track information about the date and time you access the Site , the type of web browser you used , and the web site from which you connect to our Site . We collect and use this and other non-Personal Information ( such as demographic data ) to analyze and develop our business strategy and to determine how you found out about us , your interests regarding our products and services and how to further improve our Site . We , or a third party , may also collect information from your activities on the Site as well as other sites for the purpose of providing advertisements and other content that is customized to your interests and preferences . This means that our ads may appear on participating web sites based upon your browsing activity . To accomplish all this , and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features , we , as do many web sites , use and allow our third party advertising companies to use the technologies listed below and other similar technologies ( the Tracking Technologies ) :  Cookies and Clear GIFs - Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer 's hard drive . Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your customer identification information ( i.e. , username , password , shopping cart information , etc. )  while you 're at a site . Cookies also track where you travel on a site and what you look at and purchase . A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel , transparent image ( although it can be a visible image as well ) , located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message , which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual 's viewing or receipt of a web page or message . You can learn more about how third party advertising companies use cookies and clear GIFs , including how to opt-out , by clicking here . Please read the explanation carefully should you choose to opt-out using this method . IP Address Tracking and Clickstream Data - In addition to cookies and clear GIFs , our servers automatically collect data about your server 's Internet address when you visit our Site . This information , known as an Internet Protocol address , or IP Address , is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet . When you view pages from our Site , our servers may record or log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name . Our server also may record the page that linked you to us and related information including any ads you may have clicked on . Such information is known as Clickstream Data . Email Interconnectivity - If you receive email from us , we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message , click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases . In some cases , we may link the non-Personal information collected through the Tracking Technologies with certain of your Personal Information . WE WANT TO BE SURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACCEPTING TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ONTO YOUR COMPUTER IN NO WAY GIVES US ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU . YOU MAY SET YOUR WEB BROWSER SOFTWARE TO REJECT TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES , BUT , IF YOU DO SO , CERTAIN FUNCTIONALITY OF THE SITE MAY BE AFFECTED . Third parties ( including , but not limited to , software vendors , advertisers and fulfillment companies ) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site . WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER WHAT INFORMATION SUCH THIRD PARTIES TRACK OR COLLECT , AND HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY TRACKING , DATA COLLECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES You may be visiting the Site from your mobile device . Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such information if you access the Site through mobile devices . Some features of the Site may allow for the collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information . Furthermore , some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service . Depending on the provider , we or our third-party service providers may receive this information . If an e-mail address you have provided us is a wireless e-mail address , you agree to receive messages at such address from us ( unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the How to Opt-Out instructions below ) . You understand that your wireless carrier 's standard rates apply to these messages , and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions below . You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received , and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges . WE COMPLY WITH U.S. FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS WITH REGARD TO THOSE PAGES OF OUR SITE USED TO FURNISH INVESTOR RELATIONS MATERIALS SUCH AS ELECTRONIC PROXY MATERIALS AND ANNUAL REPORTS ( THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES ) . WE DO NOT PLACE COOKIES OR CLEAR GIFS ON THE HARD DRIVES OF USERS VISITING THE INVESTOR RELATIONS PAGES . Among our top priorities is keeping your Personal Information secure . We use Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us so that it can be safeguarded as much as possible from being read or recorded as it travels over the Internet . You can tell you are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that appears at the bottom of your Internet browser 's window . These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Site . In addition , you will see our Site address change slightly , from http : to https : indicating a secure server connection is being used . The computers that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs firewall and security technology . We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure . You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password , including if you set up a wish list , customer account , a registry , or use the Bridal Toolkit . We recommend you exercise extreme care in protecting your password information and do not publicly share any of your passwords . You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password , and you are responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or another person or entity using your password , whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you . Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States . The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe , confidential and secure environment . If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site . ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE ( AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE ) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE , BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET , WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS , TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER , OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS , SUCH AS HACKERS . ACCORDINGLY , WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF , UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO , OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS . BY USING THE SITE , YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS . We collect Personal Information for the purposes of fulfilling orders , processing returns and exchanges and providing you with the services you have chosen , providing a high level of customer service , providing you with information we believe may be of interest including mailing our circulars and special offers , for editorial and feedback purposes , for internal marketing and promotional purposes , for a statistical analysis of your behavior , for product development , for content improvement , for protection against fraud and error , and to customize the content and layout of the Site ( collectively , Information Usage Purposes ) . Notwithstanding the foregoing , we will not knowingly use a mobile phone number for marketing purposes without first obtaining your consent . In performing the Information Usage Purposes , we may combine information we collect on the Site with information we receive from other sources . We do not sell Personal Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party , except as set forth in this Privacy Policy . Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy , any non-Personal Information you transmit to the Site or we collect from the Site will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you agree that we may use any such non-Personal Information ( together with any ideas , concepts , know-how , or techniques contained therein ) in any manner , for any purpose , without credit or compensation to you . Without limiting the generality or application of the foregoing , the information that you publish on or through the Bridal & Gift Registry and/or the Bridal Toolkit is governed by specific terms available below under the heading Bridal & Gift Registry Information . We may provide your Personal Information to our associates and to companies acting as our authorized agents or partners in providing our service or co-branded services to you and in performing Information Usage Purposes . We screen and reasonably determine to be reputable any third party to whom we disclose such information and we require such third parties to agree to use the Personal Information only for such specified purposes . Each of our partners must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access , destruction , use , modification or disclosure . If we merge , or sell or otherwise transfer our assets , Site or operations , we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information in connection with such transaction . Bridal & Gift Registry information is treated differently from information submitted for other purposes on our Site . Registry users may receive additional e-mail communications from us , such as a registry welcome e-mail and follow-up contact after the scheduled event date . In addition , cookies are used as part of our registry service to save your registry number on your computer . By registering with us and opting to make your registry available online , your registry information , which includes your name , date of event and event location ( your state ) , will be made available to our partners that help provide our services and our co-branded services ( including for Information Usage Purposes ) and will be accessible by search engines and spiders that are not affiliated with us . Finally , and to illustrate the type of business partner with whom your registry information may be shared , if you have not taken advantage of the applicable opt-out procedure , your registry information ( your name , date of event and event location ) may be made available to third party bridal and gift registry portal sites . We may also share the e-mail address associated with your registry , but solely to enable us and such a third-party registry portal site to link your purchases or other activity with the registry you have established with us . The use of such portal sites is intended to provide your guests with additional means of finding your registry , and to provide you with additional ways to create a registry with us . Any third-party registry portal site with whom an e-mail address is shared as a registry identifier is contractually prohibited from using it for any other purpose not outlined above . In the future , if you wish to opt-out of our sharing your information with such sites , please send an e-mail to customer.service @ bedbath.com clearly indicating such request . If you choose to use our online Bridal Toolkit and publish a Personal Wedding Site , this information will be treated as public information , available to anyone with access to the Internet . Please review the Site 's Terms and Conditions for more information on the use of the Bridal & Gift Registry and the Bridal Toolkit . Occasionally , we may run a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest ( a Promotion ) , and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form , or in some cases , you may be automatically entered by using a designated type of credit card when placing an order in store , online or via phone or , for example , by creating a Bridal Registry . Your entry information may be shared with third parties for the limited purposes of administering the sweepstakes and selecting a winner ( s ) and may be used to notify you in connection with the sweepstakes or contest and to verify your identity . When you enter such a Promotion , you will have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from us . Since we value your privacy , you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications as detailed below . In addition , some Promotions may have one or more co-sponsors , and you may also be asked upon entry to consent to receive future communications from such co-sponsors . In the event your consent is indicated , the information from your entry will be shared with the co-sponsors . In those situations , the third parties will have the right to use your information for their own purposes , in accordance with their own policies , and we are not responsible for how co-sponsors may use your information . In all events , we will make it clear to you in the entry , order or registration form , before you submit it , whether you are consenting to receive information from any party , and you will be given the opportunity to confirm or withdraw such consent prior to submitting your entry , order or registration . In any case , where you elect to have us share your information with third parties , such as in the Promotions discussed above , those elections to have your information shared will supersede anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy . We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those customers who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us and our subsidiaries . If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us , you can always remove your name from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to customer.service @ bedbath.com stating that you wish to unsubscribe and indicating in the subject line of the e-mail " NO E-MAIL " . Although we will promptly remove your name from our e-mail list upon receiving your request , it is possible that you may still receive e-mails from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list . If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us , you can always remove yourself from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to customer.service @ bedbath.com , indicating " NO SNAIL MAIL " in the subject line along with your name , address and zip code . Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent . Although we will promptly remove your name from our mailing list upon receiving your request , you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list . You can also contact us by mail :  Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. , Attn : Customer Service Privacy 650 Liberty Avenue , Union , New Jersey 07083 THE OPT-OUT RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION ARE THE DEFAULT RULES AND PROCEDURES WE USE IN OPERATING THE SITE AND ARE THE STANDARD BY WHICH WE ADHERE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY . We may release Personal Information when we believe , in good faith , that such release is necessary to comply with law , protect the rights , properties or safety of Bed Bath & Beyond , our users or others , or enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements . You may review and make changes to the Personal Information that is stored in your user account on the Site by visiting the My Account area of the Site . The Site is not purposefully directed at children under the age of 13 and all products available for sale on the Site are intended to be purchased by adults . We do not collect or maintain Personal Information , via the Site or otherwise , from those we actually know are children under 13 years of age . If you notify us that information has been provided by a child under the age of 13 , upon verification , we will promptly delete such information . We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site . The Site also may contain links to other web sites that are not under our control . These links may include the use of so-called " share links. "  A " share link " is a button and/or text link appearing on our Site that enables the launch of a sharing mechanism whereby you can post links to , and content from , the Site onto social networking web sites such as Facebook . The privacy policies of other web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy . We urge you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site you visit and to contact the third-party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies . WE HAVE NO CONTROL OR INFLUENCE OVER THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER WEB SITES AND ADVERTISERS AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS ' OR ADVERTISERS ' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES , THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES . 
Security & Privacy Thank you for visiting Sephora.com . Sephora USA , Inc . ( Sephora ) is committed to protecting your privacy . Topics covered in this policy :  > What Our Privacy Policy Covers > What Personal Information Is Collected > When Personal Information Is Collected > How Sephora Protects Your Information > How Sephora Uses Your Personal Information > How to Avoid Receiving Newslettters and Other Sephora Materials > Who Views Your Personal Information > Cookies , Pixel Tags and Tracking > Making a Purchase > Children Under 13 > Social Commerce and Other Third Parties > Questions About This Policy This Privacy Policy covers any personal information that Sephora obtains from you when you use services or features of Sephora when visiting the websites we own and control , such as www.sephora.com , http : //theglossy.sephora.com , and www.ttbeauty.com ( the " Sites " ) , and when applying for or using your membership in the Beauty Insider Program ( BI Membership ) in our retail store locations ( the Stores ) . We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our beauty offerings and this policy will govern those new Sites when added . You may be accessing our Sites from a computer or mobile phone device ( through an iPhone or iPad application , for example ) and this policy governs your use of our Sites regardless of the means of access . We also like to interact with you on third party sites where we post content or invite your feedback , such as www.facebook.com/sephora , www.twitter.com/sephora , and www.youtube.com/sephora ( " Third Party Sites " ) . Except as otherwise described below , this policy does not cover the privacy practices of those Third Party Sites , or of companies that Sephora does not own or control , or the actions of people that Sephora does not employ or manage . You should check the privacy policies of those third parties when providing personally identifiable information through Third Party Sites . Our terms of use for the Sites give you more information about how we can interact with you via Third Party Sites . Our Privacy Policy may change in the future . We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes . If we make any material changes , we will post a notice on our home page and will obtain your consent if the material changes affect the way we use the personally identifiable information we have already collected from you . By using the Sites or applying for BI Membership , you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy . If you do not like the terms of our Privacy Policy , you should not use our Sites or apply for BI Membership . For more information about the terms of use for this site , please visit our Terms of Use page . Depending on how you use Sephora , we may ask you to share personal information with us . Whether you choose to give Sephora information is completely up to you , but keep in mind that if you withhold information , you may not be able to use some of our services . Sephora will ask you for information , including some personal information , if you use one of several services : Becoming a Registered User of Sephora.com . In order to become a registered user of Sephora.com , you need to share some personal information , such as your name and e-mail address . You do not have to be a registered user to visit the Sites . But , you will have to register if you want to place orders or make full use of our services . Once you register , you will have an account with Sephora and a password to access that account . You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password . You should keep your registration current and complete . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password . Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password . We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission . Making a Purchase on Sephora.com . When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information . By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com . You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page . If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions . You can access this section using your registration password . Applying for BI Membership . You can apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or in person at a Store , including any Sephora Inside JCPenney ( SiJCP ) location operated by J. C. Penney Corporation , Inc . ( JCPenney ) . You do not need a BI Membership to visit the Sites or to make a purchase at Sephora.com or a Store or a SiJCP location . To apply for BI Membership , we ask you to share some personal information , such as your name , birthday , phone number , mailing address and e-mail address . Once you have BI Membership , you will have an account with Sephora tied to the e-mail address provided upon application . You can amend your information by ( i ) calling our Customer Service , ( ii ) visiting a Store or a SiJCP location and speaking with a cast member , or ( iii ) signing in to Sephora.com using the e-mail address you provided upon application , going to the My Account page and following the instructions . You may never use another person 's account without permission and you may not use anyone else 's password . You should keep your BI Membership current and complete . You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password . Please also let us know if there is any unauthorized use of your account or password . We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission . Sweepstakes , Contests and Surveys at Sephora.com . If at Sephora.com you enter a sweepstakes or contest , or answer a survey , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't one already ) . We may also ask you for some demographic information , such as your age . If you choose not to answer , you probably will not be able to participate in the sweepstakes , contest or survey . Our Interactive Services . We have a number of ways to hear your opinions and feedback . We like to answer your questions . We offer several interactive services , including BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews and Question & Answer services . We may offer other interactive services in the future and this Privacy Policy will govern your use of those services . If you want to use any of these interactive services , you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora . Please review our terms of use for the Sites because they explain the way you can participate in our interactive services in more detail . Our Ratings & Reviews or Question & Answer services . When you use the Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services you will become a registered user ( if you are n't already one ) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile , as maintained by Sephora . Gift Advisor and Beauty Advisor . If you are not already registered and you send an e-mail to our Gift or Beauty Advisor , we will create a registration profile for you . This will make you a registered user . We may also collect information about e-mails that you send to our advisors . We use this information for product and site analysis only . Product Availability Notifications . If a product that you want to purchase at Sephora.com is not in stock , you can choose to provide us your e-mail address so that we can notify you when the product becomes available again . You do not need to be a registered user to receive a product availability notification . Public Information . Please note that if you choose to share information about yourself in an open format , such as through a Third Party Site like Facebook or Twitter or in the user-generated content elements of our own Sites , we consider that information to be public information - and not personal information . We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information . We take that task seriously . We maintain physical , electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information . For example :  We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( " SSL " ) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site . SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception . We never display your full credit card number once it has been entered . We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes . We urge you to protect your own privacy . We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone or share your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail . Unfortunately , despite all of our efforts , there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions . For example , we can not ensure the security of your data during transmission to us or the security of your data on an iPhone ( or other telephone device that can use iPhone applications ) or on your Twitter page or on another computer . This reality is true of all Internet or data transmission use . As a result , we can not ensure the security of any information you transmit , and you transmit all information at your own risk . Sephora collects personal information primarily to make our services more rewarding for you to use . We usually use this information for internal purposes , such as studying our customers ' preferences . We may also use your information to track your purchase history and to contact you for account and promotional purposes . In the event that another company buys the assets or stock of Sephora , your personal information may then belong to another entity . We use e-mail addresses and mailing addresses to send out newsletters and other announcements with information about Sephora 's new products , gifts and special features . In addition , if you use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location and your client profile indicates that you have not unsubscribed from receiving advertising , marketing materials and other communications from Sephora , JCPenney may help Sephora send those communications . After you become a registered user of Sephora.com or have a BI Membership , you can choose not to receive these announcements by opting-out of delivery . If you receive an e-mail and want to avoid further messages , look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list . You can also edit your e-mail preferences at Sephora.com 's My Account page . Sephora may share your personal information with companies that perform services for us , such as fulfilling orders , delivering packages , sending postal mail and e-mails , analyzing customer data , providing marketing assistance , processing credit card payments , investigating fraudulent activity , conducting customer surveys , and providing customer service . They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions , but may not disclose your personally identifiable information for other purposes . Some personal information is stored on servers owned by other companies . Except as otherwise described below , only Sephora has the right to access this information . We currently share aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners . This information does not identify individual users . Any personal information that you include in your profile or in any content submitted when using our interactive services like BeautyTalk , Ratings & Reviews or the Question & Answer services or through Third Party Sites will be displayed on our Sites , so please consider this before submitting any such content . Please do n't submit any information that you do n't want the whole world to know ! Personal information may be disclosed if required by law . Sephora does not currently sell or license personal information . Before selling or licensing your personal information , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page . If you apply for BI Membership at a SiJCP location or use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location , the personal information collected from you will be used and disclosed by Sephora as indicated above , but Sephora will also need to share that personal information with JCPenney so you can enjoy the benefits of your BI Membership at any SiJCP location . JCPenney has agreed that any information obtained about you by JCPenney through your application for BI Membership or your use of your BI Membership at a SiJCP location ( SiJCP Information ) will be used only to administer the Beauty Insider Program , for internal analysis to make your shopping experience at the SiJCP locations better and to help Sephora communicate with you by e-mail or direct mail ( unless you have unsubscribed from e-mail or direct mail from Sephora ) . JCPenney may also share SiJCP Information with its service providers solely to perform the above functions related to the Beauty Insider Program at SiJCP , subject to an agreement from such service providers to keep the SiJCP Information confidential . JCPenney has also agreed that it will not otherwise use , rent , sell or share SiJCP Information . If you do not wish to have SiJCP Information made available to JCPenney , you should apply for BI Membership at Sephora.com or at any Store , but not at a SiJCP location and you should not use your BI Membership at a SiJCP location . Except for personal information shared with JCPenney as set forth above , at this time , Sephora does not share any personal information with its other affiliates . It is possible that this policy will change in the future . If we do decide to share information with our other affiliates , we will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on our home page . If you choose to use Sephora 's Beauty Insider Pass in the Passbook application on your Apple mobile device , your email address and Beauty Insider status , point balance and any Beauty Insider rewards earned will be displayed on the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass on your Apple mobile device , so please consider this before downloading the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass . We recommend that you use the Passcode Lock security setting on your Apple mobile device and always safeguard your device to prevent other people from accessing your Beauty Insider account or redeeming your rewards without your permission if you download the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass onto your Apple mobile device . In addition , you will receive notifications that may be based on your personal information , including your accumulated Beauty Insider points , rewards status , birthday and/or your device 's location , and you must opt out of these notifications or location-based services on the back of the Sephora Beauty Insider Pass if you do not wish to receive these notifications or allow the Pass to use your location to send you location-based notifications . Sephora wants to give you the best possible experience when you visit Sephora.com and our other Sites . We like to constantly update and improve the features on our Sites , we like to personalize your browsing and shopping experience and we like to recognize you when you return to Sephora.com . We have a variety of ways of doing this . We collect information about how you use our Sites by setting and accessing cookies on your computer . A cookie is a small data file that identifies the web browser on a particular computer . No personal information is stored in the cookie itself . When you visit one of our Sites , a cookie will be sent to your browser and then stored on your computer 's hard drive . We use these cookies to track information about how often you visit our web site , what pages you view , and where you go after you leave the site . We also link the visitor ID from your cookie to a user ID in our database to help us analyze web traffic and statistics . Other companies help us with data research and analysis , but they are prohibited from using that data for any other purpose . Cookies also help us improve your shopping experience by , among other things , keeping track of your preferences , recognizing you if you are a registered user , and tracking your order as you shop on Sephora.com . If any of your personal information needs to be accessed during that process , you will have to log in or otherwise authenticate yourself . If you do n't like cookies , you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie , giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it . For instructions , look at your browser 's Help menu . Note that certain features of Sephora.com may not be available if you delete or reject cookies . We use pixel tags ( also called web beacons or " clear " gifs ) on our Sites . They help us analyze what our clients like to do on our Sites and the effectiveness of our features and advertising . They can also help us customize your browsing and shopping experience . We may use information collected through pixel tags or tracked links in combination with your personally identifiable information . We may also combine personally identifiable information you provide to Sephora with other personal information ( such as purchase history and demographic information ) . We often work with other companies to help us track , collect and analyze this information but they are prohibited from using this information for any other purpose . Sephora also works with advertising partners ( like Google and DoubleClick ) that use cookies , pixel tags and other tracking technologies to serve advertisements on behalf of their retail clients , including Sephora , across the Internet , including to you after you have visited our Sites . These advertising partners engage in remarketing , online behavioral advertising and ad delivery and reporting . With respect to Sephora , these advertising partners may collect anonymous information about your browser as it makes visits to websites across the Internet ( including our Sites ) and your interaction with our advertising and e-mail communications . This anonymous information may also be used to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet . Sephora will have access to the information collected by these advertising partners and can then use it in combination with personally identifiable information provided by you to Sephora to enhance your experience on our Sites . We will not share that personally identifiable information with these advertising partners . If you would like more information about this practice or would like to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies , please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . When you buy something on Sephora.com , you have to supply a billing address , phone number , shipping address , and credit card information . By making a purchase , you become a registered user of Sephora.com . You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase , such as your credit card number , shipping and billing addresses in the My Account page . If you change your mind about storing this information , you can amend or delete it by going to the relevant area of the My Account page and following the instructions . You can access this section using your registration password . We comply with the Children 's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 . If you are under the age of 13 , you can look at our Sites , but you can not make a purchase . You also can not become a registered user , apply for BI Membership , or use any service on our Sites that asks for personal information . Our Sites are not designed for children . We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 13 . This policy is designed to protect children . Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children 's privacy . For more information about this federal law and about children 's privacy , click here . If you register with us or apply for BI Membership , and we discover that you are under 13 , we will delete such registration or BI Membership . We will send you a message if we do this . If you are under 13 and want to make a purchase , please ask a parent to place the order for you . We work with trusted third parties , including social network sites like Facebook , and with application developers who specialize in social commerce so we can connect to your social networks . Other social networks we use include Twitter , MySpace , Delicious and Digg . All of these companies operate Third Party Sites . We provide access to our Sites by third parties and business partners so we can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network . The use of any features made available to you on our Sites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party . Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered " public information " by us because the Third Party Sites made it publicly available . If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites , you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information . We can not control how your data is collected , stored , used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed . Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing . If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you , you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information . Sephora is not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you . However , we do identify any areas on our Sites where third parties share information about you . Facebook 's " Like " feature is a good example . ( Other third parties have or may have similar ways for you to express positive opinions about our products - now or in the future. )  We have agreed to allow Facebook 's " Like " feature to run alongside images of our products so you can " like " one of our products and to see how many other Facebook users " like " each of our products . You should know that Facebook may collect or register the fact that you " like " a product and may post that information to your " News Feed " on Facebook and to your Facebook profile 's " Wall " and " Info " pages . So , the fact that you " like " one or more of our products may be made known to members of your Facebook network . This would be true for your friends too . If they " like " one of our products , you will see it on his or her News Feed , Wall or Info pages . Finally , by " liking " one of our products , you consent to the display of that information by us . If you do not wish this to happen , you should not click that you " like " a product and you should review your privacy settings on Facebook ( or similar Third Party Site ) . Note that we are not obligated to display someone 's name , profile photo or other " public " Facebook profile information on our website even if that Facebook user " likes " one of our products . We reserve the right to remove the information of any person which we deem to be inconsistent with our ideals or otherwise inappropriate for public association with our company . We may remove from our Sites , in our sole discretion , any product offering or any photo or product description relating thereto . We may decide to operate a Friends Store through Facebook ( or comparable store on another Third Party Site ) in the future . If we operate a Friends Store , and you " connect " with Facebook ( using Facebook Connect or other connecting application ) to the Friends Store on the Sites , you will be able to browse to discover which products are " liked " by your Facebook friends and by the larger Facebook community . If you are a Facebook user and you say that you " like " a product on our Sites or that you " like " Sephora , Sephora may then request that Facebook make your name , Facebook photo and other public profile information under the terms of Facebook 's privacy policy available to the Friends Store . This information may then be displayed alongside the product in the Friends Store on our Sites to indicate that you " like " the product . The actual information that may be displayed in the Friends Store will vary depending on what information is made publicly available on Facebook.com . Sephora will collect and keep your Facebook profile identification only as long as is needed to operate the Friends Store . If you would like to opt out of advertisers ' cookies that track anonymous information , click here If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy , or the content or practices of our website , you can contact Sephora directly at : www.sephora.com or Sephora USA , Inc . Privacy 525 Market Street , 11th Floor San Francisco , CA 94105 
Updated : March 2013 Legacy.com , Inc. provides various features tools that allow users to access obituaries , express condolences and share remembrances of friends and loved ones . Legacy.com , Inc. offers these features and tools at www.legacy.com and other websites and applications ( App ) powered by Legacy.com ( collectively , the Services ) . Please read the following privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) carefully before using the Services . 1 . WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS 2 . GENERAL 3 . INFORMATION WE COLLECT 4 . HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION 5 . 5 . PRIVACY ALERT : YOUR POSTINGS GENERALLY ARE ACCESSIBLE TO THE PUBLIC 6 . CHILDREN 'S PRIVACY 7 . OWNERSHIP 8 . SECURITY MEASURES 9 . CORRECTING OR UPDATING INFORMATION 10 . OPT-OUT PROCEDURES 11 . ADVERTISING AND LINKS 12 . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY 13 . ADDITIONAL INFORMATION YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS This Privacy Policy covers how Legacy.com , Inc. ( collectively , " Legacy.com " , " we " , " us " , or " our " ) treats user or personally identifiable information that the Services collect and receive . If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from a website operated in conjunction with one of our affiliates ( " Affiliates " ) , the privacy policy of the Affiliate will govern unless such policy states otherwise . Subject to the above , this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Legacy.com , Inc. does not own , operate or control , or to people that it does not employ or manage . In general , you can browse the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself to us . Legacy.com , Inc. does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals , except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals on interactive areas of the Services . " Personally Identifiable Information " is information that can be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person , such as name , postal address , email address , phone number , and credit card number , among other information , and that is not otherwise publicly available . Any posting made while using the Services , and any other information that can be viewed by the public and therefore is not considered " personal information " or " Personally Identifiable Information " , and is not the type of information covered by this Privacy Policy . Personally Identifiable Information . Examples of Personally Identifiable Information we may collect include name , postal address , email address , credit card number and related information , and phone number . We may also collect your date of birth , geo-location , social networking profile picture and the date of birth and date of death for the deceased person in connection with certain features of the Services . We also maintain a record of all information that you submit to us , including email and other correspondence . We may collect Personally Identifiable Information when you register to receive alerts or offerings , sponsor , access or submit information in connection with certain Services , post other content through the Services , purchase products or other services , opt-in to receive special offers and discounts from us and our selected partners or participate in other activities offered or administered by Legacy.com . We may also collect Personally Identifiable Information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners . This information might include information necessary to process payments due to us from you , such as your credit card number . We do not intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information about children under the age of 13 . Please see the section on " Children 's Privacy " below . Other Anonymous Information . Like most websites , Legacy.com also receives and records information on our server logs from your browser automatically and through the use of electronic tools such as cookies . Our server logs automatically receive and record information from your browser ( including , for example , your IP address , and the page ( s ) you visit ) . The information gathered through these methods is not " personally identifiable ; " i.e. , it can not be used to uniquely identify , contact , or locate a single person . We will use your information only as permitted by law , and subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy ; Use of Personally Identifiable Information : We do not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with unrelated third parties for their direct marketing purposes . Personally Identifiable Information and other personal information you specifically provide may be used : to provide the Services we offer , to process transactions and billing , for identification and authentication purposes , to communicate with you concerning transactions , security , privacy , and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services , to improve Services , to do something you have asked us to do , or to tell you of Services that we think may be of interest to you . to communicate with you regarding the Services . for the administration of and troubleshooting regarding the Services . Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of the Services ( our web hosting service , for example ) , may need to access such information from time to time , but are not permitted to disclose such information to others . We may disclose Personally Identifiable Information about you under the following circumstances : In the course of operating our business , it may be necessary or appropriate for us to provide access to your Personally Identifiable Information to others such as our service providers , contractors , select vendors and Affiliates so that we can operate the Services and our business . Where practical , we will seek to obtain confidentiality agreements consistent with this Privacy Policy and that limit others ' use or disclosure of the information you have shared . We may share your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to : ( 1 ) comply with the law or with legal process ( such as pursuant to court order , subpoena , or a request by law enforcement officials ) ; ( 2 ) protect , enforce , and defend our Terms of Use , rights and property ; ( 3 ) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this the Services ; or ( 4 ) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public ( among other things , this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else , information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions. )  Use of Anonymous Information : Certain information that we collect automatically or with electronic tools or tags ( such as cookies ) is used to anonymously track and measure user traffic for the Services and to enhance your experience with the Services and our business partners . For example : IP Addresses/Session Information . We occasionally may obtain IP addresses from users depending upon how you access the Services . IP addresses , browser , and session information may be used for various purposes , including to help administer the Services and diagnose and prevent service or other technology problems related to the Services . This information also may be used to estimate the total number of users downloading any App and browsing other Services from specific geographical areas , to help determine which users have access privileges to certain content or services that we offer , and to monitor and prevent fraud and abuse . IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information Cookies . A cookie is a small amount of data that often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website 's computers and stored on your computer 's hard drive or comparable storage media on your mobile device . You can configure your browser to accept cookies , reject them , or notify you when a cookie is set . If you reject cookies , you may not be able to use the Services that require you to sign in , or to take full advantage of all our offerings . Cookies may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party we authorize to collect information on our behalf . We use our own cookies to transmit information for a number of purposes , including to : require you to re-enter your password after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accessing your account contents ; keep track of preferences you specify while you are using the Services ; estimate and report our total audience size and traffic ; conduct research to improve the content and Services . We let other entities that show advertisements on some of our web pages or assist us with conducting research to improve the content and Services set and access their cookies on your computer or mobile device . Other entities ' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy . Advertisers or other entities do not have access to our cookies . Page Visit Data . We may record information about certain pages that you visit on our site ( e.g. specific obituaries ) in order to recall that data when you visit one of our partners ' sites . For example , we may record the name and address of the funeral home associated with an obituary to facilitate a flower order . We may share anonymous information aggregated to measure the number of App downloads , number of visits , average time spent on the Services websites , pages viewed , etc. with our partners , advertisers and others . Your own use of the Services may disclose personal information or Personally Identifiable Information to the public . For example : Submissions and other postings to our Services are available for viewing by all our visitors unless the sponsor or host of a Service selects a privacy setting that restricts public access . Please remember that any information disclosed on a non-restricted Service becomes public information and may be collected and used by others without our knowledge . You therefore should exercise caution when disclosing any personal information or Personally Identifiable Information in these forums . When you post a message to the Services via message board , blog , or other public forum available through the Services , your user ID or alias that you are posting under may be visible to other users , and you have the ability to post a message that may include personal information . If you post Personally Identifiable Information online that is accessible to the public , you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return . Such activities are beyond the control of Legacy.com , Inc. and the coverage of this Privacy Policy . Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online . In addition , although we employ technology and software designed to minimize spam sent to users and unsolicited , automatic posts to message boards , blogs , or other public forums available through the Services ( like the CAPTCHA word verification you see on email and registration forms ) , we can not ensure such measures to be 100 % reliable or satisfactory . Legacy.com , Inc. does not intentionally collect from or maintain Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 , nor do we offer any content targeted to such children . In the event that Legacy.com , Inc. becomes aware that a user of the Services is under the age of 13 , the following additional privacy terms and notices apply : Prior to collecting any Personally Identifiable Information about a child that Legacy.com , Inc. has become aware is under the age of 13 , Legacy.com , Inc. will make reasonable efforts to contact the child 's parent , to inform the parent about the types of information Legacy.com , Inc. will collect , how it will be used , and under what circumstances it will be disclosed , and to obtain consent from the child 's parent to collection and use of such information . Although Legacy.com , Inc. will apply these children 's privacy terms whenever it becomes aware that a user who submits Personally Identifiable Information is less than 13 years old , no method is foolproof . Legacy.com , Inc. strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise their children 's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment . These tools also can prevent children from disclosing online their name , address , and other personal information without parental permission . Personally Identifiable Information collected from children may include any of the information defined above as Personally Identifiable Information with respect to general users of the Services and may be used by Legacy.com , Inc. for the same purposes . Except as necessary to process a child 's requests or orders placed with advertisers or merchants featured through the Services , Legacy.com , Inc. does not rent , sell , barter or give away any lists containing a child 's Personally Identifiable Information for use by any outside company . A child 's parent or legal guardian may request Legacy.com , Inc. to provide a description of the Personally Identifiable Information that Legacy.com , Inc. has collected from the child , as well as instruct Legacy.com , Inc. to cease further use , maintenance and collection of Personally Identifiable Information from the child . If a child voluntarily discloses his or her name , email address or other personally-identifying information on chat areas , bulletin boards or other forums or public posting areas , such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties . Legacy.com , Inc. and/or the Affiliate Newspaper ( s ) are the sole owner ( s ) of all non-personally identifiable information they collect through the Services . This paragraph shall not apply to Material subject to the license granted by users to Legacy.com , Inc. pursuant to Section 3 of the Terms of Use governing the Services . The security and confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information is extremely important to us . We have implemented technical , administrative , and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use . From time to time , we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods . Please be aware though that , despite our best efforts , no security measures are perfect or impenetrable , and no data transmissions over the web can be guaranteed 100 % secure . Consequently , we can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk . You may modify and correct Personally Identifiable Information provided directly to Legacy.com , Inc. in connection with the Services , if necessary . Legacy.com , Inc. offers users the following options for updating information :  Send an email to us at Contact Us ; or Send a letter to us via postal mail to the following address : Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations You may opt out of receiving future mailings or other information from Legacy.com , Inc . If the mailing does not have an email cancellation form , send an email to Contact Us detailing the type of information that you no longer wish to receive . This Service contains links to other sites that may be of interest to our visitors . This Privacy Policy applies only to Legacy.com and not to other companies ' or organizations ' Web sites to which we link . We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites . Legacy.com works with third parties , including , but not limited to Adtech US , Inc. and Turn Inc. ( collectively , the " Ad Delivery Parties : " ) , for the purpose of advertisement delivery on the Services including online behavioral advertising ( OBA ) and multi-site advertising . The non-personally identifiable information collected about a consumer 's visits to the Services , including , but not limited to , certain information from your Web browser and your IP address , may be used by third parties , including the Ad Delivery Parties , in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you . These Ad Delivery Parties retain data collected and used for these activities only as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate Legacy.com business need , or as required by law . The Ad Delivery Parties may also set cookies to assist with advertisement delivery services . For more information about Adtech US , Inc. cookies , please visit http : //www.adtechus.com/privacy/ . If you would like to obtain more information about the practices of some of these Ad Delivery Parties , or if you would like to make choices about their use of your information , please click here : http : //www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ The Ad Delivery Parties adhere to the Network Advertising Initiative 's Self-Regulatory Code of conduct . For more information please visit http : //www.networkadvertising.org/about-nai Legacy.com shall obtain your prior express consent ( opt-in ) before using any of your sensitive consumer information as that term is defined in the NAI Principles . Please keep in mind that if you click on an advertisement on the Services and link to a third party 's website , then Legacy.com 's Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personally Identifiable Information collected on that third party 's website and you must read the privacy policy posted on that site to see how your Personally Identifiable Information will be handled . We may periodically edit or update this Privacy Policy . We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you provide information on this Web site . Your use of the Services after changes of the terms of the Privacy Policy have been posted will mean that you accept the changes . Questions regarding the Legacy.com Privacy Policy should be directed to Contact Us or Legacy.com , Inc. , 820 Davis Street Suite 210 , Evanston , IL 60201 Attention : Operations ( As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 ) Top A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal , family , or household purposes ( " California customer " ) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . Legacy.com , Inc. does not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes . If , however , you are accessing this Privacy Policy from one of our Affiliate sites , the privacy policy of our Affiliate will apply to the collection of your information unless the Affiliate 's privacy policy specifically states otherwise . You should review the privacy policy of the Affiliate to understand what information may be collected from you and how it may be used . California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing Contact Us . 
Privacy Statement Effective Date : January 2013 AutoTrader.com , Inc. respects the privacy of visitors to our website . This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the AutoTrader.com website and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than our website . Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information . If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement , please contact us at privacy @ autotrader.com . The information we gather generally falls into two categories : ( 1 ) information supplied by visitors to the website when they list a car for sale , perform a search , enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest , request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program , or inquire about a vehicle listed for sale or about another product or service offered through our website ; and ( 2 ) information we collect as visitors use our website . Third-party providers involved in the operation of the website ( including , but not limited to , vendors of products and services and providers of widgets , tools , and applications ) featured on or linked to by our website may also collect information about you . Their collection and use of this information will be subject to their privacy policies . Communicating with us If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will share with the seller the contact information you supply through our online " Email this Seller " form . Some dealerships that list vehicles for sale on our website use third-party service providers to manage their " leads " ( that is , the inquiries they receive from consumers who are interested in the vehicles they 've listed for sale ) . If a dealership has designated a provider of lead management services , we may also share with that provider any information you elect to send to the dealership through our " Email this Seller " form . Vehicle manufacturers like to monitor how responsive their franchised dealers are to consumer inquiries . To help them monitor and improve dealer performance , we may also provide vehicle manufacturers with the information you send their franchised dealers using our " Email this Seller " tool . If you find a listing for a certified pre-owned vehicle that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website , we will also share the information you supply through our " Email this Seller " form with the manufacturer of the vehicle you are inquiring about ( which administers the certified pre-owned program ) to use for quality assurance , internal business analysis , process management , and other similar purposes . If you do not wish to share your email address or other contact information with sellers who advertise on our website , lead management service providers , and vehicle manufacturers , you should not use our " Email this Seller " contact form . If you choose to receive a vehicle listing on your mobile phone , we or a service provider acting on our behalf will use the phone number you provide to send the listing you request . By providing us with your mobile phone number , you agree that we may send this information to your mobile phone via text message or email . Many of the dealership listings that appear on our website include toll-free telephone numbers that can be used to contact the dealership that is selling the advertised vehicle . If you call a dealership using one of these toll-free numbers , we ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may provide the dealership with the date , time , and duration of your call , as well as the number from which your call originated and an audio recording of your call . If you use our website 's live chat feature to ask questions about a vehicle , the service provider that manages this feature on our behalf may send a copy of your chat transcript to us and to the dealership that posted the vehicle listing . Our service provider collects and uses chat transcripts in accordance with its own privacy policy , which may be accessible via the link shown during the chat session . If you do not want this information to be shared with us , do not use the chat service . You may sign up for or use certain products , services and tools on our website that require or permit you to provide information about yourself , such as your name , physical address , email address and phone number . For example , you may provide such information if you sign up for our newsletters , complete our " Feedback " form or use a social media or interactive tool . We may use such information in order to provide you with the products , services or tools you have requested . When you list a car for sale , we ask for information on the car and on how you can be contacted by potential buyers ( including information like your phone number and email address ) . We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card . We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment ( please see the section on " Use and Disclosure of Information " below for more information about how we use and secure credit card information ) . We may also use information you submit to us in connection with your purchase of that listing , including your name and location , on third-party sites and mobile applications where we distribute or promote your listing . In addition to the above , we may collect information , and/or use the information we collect , in the following specific ways :  Searches and Listings To make use of certain features on our website , visitors need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs . For example , to help you find the car you want close to home , we need to know what kind of car you are looking for and your zip code . We ask you to provide this information when you perform a search . We use this information to help you find the car you are looking for or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement . Sweepstakes and Other Promotions From time to time , we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website . If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest , we will ask you to provide information about yourself ( such as your name , phone number , address , date of birth , and email address ) . Among other things , we will use this information to contact you if you win , and we may also use this information for marketing purposes . We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes ; we will identify the co-sponsor in the contest rules . We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third-party service providers that help administer our promotions , such as by conducting drawings , and/or delivering prizes to winners . If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors , please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes . Online Surveys From time to time , we survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our website and other sites and to help us learn more about our audience and how they interact with our website . Third-party research firms often conduct these surveys on our behalf . We use the survey results to help us improve the services we offer to you . Except in the circumstances described below in the " Other Disclosures " section of this policy , we will not share , without your consent , any personally-identifying information you submit in response to an AutoTrader.com survey with any company other than the research firm conducting the survey . We will , however , take the information you provide and aggregate it on an anonymous basis with data collected from other survey participants . We may use and disclose that pool of anonymous information as we see fit , without identifying you personally . You may also find on our website invitations to participate in surveys conducted by our advertisers , whose privacy practices we do not control . These invitations will usually link to an online survey form that is hosted either by the advertiser conducting the survey or by a third-party research firm working on the advertiser 's behalf . When you access an advertiser 's survey through our website , the use and disclosure of any information you submit will be governed by the advertiser 's privacy policy ( or by the privacy policy of the advertiser 's research firm ) , which may differ from ours . If you can not find the applicable privacy policy via a link either from the advertiser 's survey invitation or from the online survey form , you should contact the advertiser directly for more information . Credit App You may be able to apply for credit for a car loan or refinancing through our website using our Secure Credit Application or automobile financing portal . If you use our website to apply for credit , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) will collect your personal information from you . This information may include , but is not limited to , your name , email address , date of birth , Social Security Number , address , phone number , credit history , credit score , mortgage/rental information , and employment information . If you use the Secure Credit Application , we ( and/or a service provider acting on our behalf ) may : ( 1 ) share your application information with the dealership ( s ) you selected so that the dealership ( s ) may make a decision about your application ; and/or ( 2 ) store any application information on behalf of our dealership partners . If you submit an application through our financing portal , we will transmit your application information to our third-party service provider so that our service provider may process your credit application request , and we may store your name , email address , and phone number on behalf of our dealership partners . Our service provider 's use and storage of your credit application information is governed by its own privacy policy , which may differ from ours . AutoTrader.com Trade-In Marketplace If you request an offer for your car through our Trade-In Marketplace program , we will ask you for your contact information , including your name , telephone number and email address . We may also ask for additional optional information , like your credit score . We will also ask you for a description of the vehicle that you want to sell or trade , including detailed information about the condition and history of the car . We will use the information you provide to prepare and send you an offer for your vehicle . If you access our Trade-In Marketplace program by clicking on a link displayed on a participating dealer website ( or in a listing on AutoTrader.com posted by a participating dealer ) , we will share your contact and vehicle information with that dealer so that the dealer can communicate with you about your interest in selling or trading in your car . If you indicate that you are considering the purchase of a replacement vehicle , we will share your information with participating dealers in your area so that they can contact you about vehicles that may match your interests . If you decide to redeem your Trade-In Marketplace offer , the participating dealer that you choose to conduct the required confirmation inspection of your car will also have access to your contact and vehicle information . When we use other companies to help us operate our Trade-In Marketplace program or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about you and/or your vehicle that is necessary for them to perform their services . We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request . Email Addresses We may use your email address to respond to requests you make for our products or services or to respond to your communications with us . We may also contact you to inquire about your experience on our website , to provide you with information about our products and services available from us or from our affiliates or to communicate to you information related to the automotive industry . From time to time , we may also send you emails that include special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you . We hope you will find these communications informative and useful . If you do not , you can unsubscribe from any of our commercial email programs by following the simple instructions included in an email you receive in connection with that program . If you request an offer through our Trade-In Marketplace program we will use and share your email address and other contact information with participating dealers as described in the paragraph immediately above . MyAutoTrader.com MyAutoTrader.com helps you organize your search for the right car by allowing you to do things like saving your favorite searches and cars . To access MyAutoTrader.com , we will ask you to register with us on the form provided , which may include personally identifiable information like your email address . You may also be asked to provide additional , optional personal information , such as your name , gender , and age . You agree to provide true , accurate , current , and complete information about yourself . We use this information to process your registration request , provide you with the services and communications that you request , customize features that appear on our website , measure traffic on our website , and improve our website and the services and features offered to MyAutoTrader.com users . We may share information we collect while you are using MyAutoTrader.com , including registration information , with our affiliates and with trusted third-party service providers who assist us in providing services . Social Networks When you use one of the social network sharing tools available on our website , we and the social network operating the tool may collect information about you based on such use . The social network 's use of that information will be subject to its own privacy policy , which may be different from this Privacy Statement . Content You Post to our Website If you choose to post content to any of the interactive areas of our website , such as discussion forums , comments fields and social media areas , please keep in mind that the information you post can be seen , collected and used by anyone who has access to those areas . You may also have the opportunity from time to time to respond to questions that we display to users of the website . If you choose to respond , your response may be published on an area of the website accessible to other users or the public . We are not responsible for any third-party use of such information . Cookies To help us tailor our website , and the tools and applications on our website , to the needs and interests of our visitors , we keep track of visitor interactions with our website through the use of cookies . Cookies are small text files stored on your browser when you use websites and applications . The " Help " function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely . However , if you do not accept cookies , you will not be able to take advantage of some features on our website that are available to other visitors . We use cookies to improve the user experience on our website by making it more responsive to the needs of our users , and to make it easier for us to recognize you when you return to our website . We also use cookies to analyze website performance and to measure advertising performance . Web Beacons To help us ( and in some cases our advertisers and third-party providers ) keep track of how many users are accessing particular pages or listings within our website , and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party websites , we may place a small file , called a web beacon , on some of our pages and on some of the listings and ads we distribute . We may also place a web beacon in the emails we send to you . When you open one of our emails or click on links within these emails , we track this click-through data to help us determine your interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our communications to you . If you prefer not to be tracked in this way , you should not open these emails or click text or graphic links in the emails . Information about Your Computer or Device Our web server ( and/or any web server operated by our service provider ( s ) on our behalf ) automatically collects and may store limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our website , including the type of browser software you use , the operating system you are running , the resolution of your computer monitor , and your IP address . Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data ( such as the web pages you want to view ) can be transmitted to you . We also use IP address information for systems administration ( including fraud detection and prevention ) and troubleshooting purposes . We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our website and the website you visit after you leave our website . Combined Technology Information Cookies , beacons , information collected about your computer or device , and other data collection technologies ( " Data Technologies " ) may be used individually or in combination in order to provide and/or administer our services , to help us understand user behavior , to monitor website performance , optimize ads and measure advertising performance . Website Analytics We may collect , or have a third party collect on our behalf , data on how visitors use and navigate through the Websites , such as the number of users who visit various pages within the Websites , what they click on , whether they scroll up or down on particular pages , fill out forms , etc . We use this information to improve the Websites and learn about users , and may disclose it to our affiliates ( including , among others , the members of the AutoTrader Group , Inc. corporate family ) , or to third parties . Advertising AutoTrader.com has relationships with certain third-party advertising networks , Advertisers , and advertising services ( " Advertising Services " ) that collect data , target and serve some of the advertisements , promotions , or other marketing messages you see on our website and other websites and mobile applications , including websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates . Such Advertising Services may , including through processes that we do not control , use Data Technologies from third party companies to collect data from your activities on these websites , on other websites owned and/or operated by our affiliates , or with other websites . These technologies may be used to track user behavior , how our products and services are offered , conduct consumer research and possibly to serve you relevant ads and content . These companies may also obtain information , including personally identifiable information , from services you use from other companies , including without limitation , other websites , mobile websites or applications , and combine the information they obtain through these Data Technologies with information obtained through our products and services . Their collection and use of this data is subject to their own privacy policies . See " Use and Disclosure of Information " below for more information on opt out options . Ad Serving and Targeting We ( or a service provider acting on our behalf ) , our Advertising Services , our advertisers , and/or our third-party providers may use clickstream data collected using cookies , beacons , and/or browser level information to help us tailor the content of advertising , marketing , and promotional messages ( including , but not limited to , landing pages ) on this and other websites and mobile applications to the perceived interests of our users . For example , if you 've been viewing pages related to SUVs on our website , you are more likely to see ads about certain SUVs on our website and other websites . This clickstream data does not identify you personally and does not include your name , address , email address or telephone number , but it may include the IP address of your computer . Our Participation in the Industry Self Regulatory Program for Interest Based Ads ; Additional Choice Options AutoTrader.com supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance , which regulates the practices relating to the collection of clickstream data . To opt out of our interest-based advertising program or to learn more about our data collection practices , please visit our AdChoices page , www.aboutads.info or www.evidon.com . Pages of our website that collect information that may be used by such advertising partners for interest-based advertising purposes are identified by a link to AdChoices on the page . When we present information to our advertisers - to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website - it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our website . In some cases , to provide you with a customized experience and to enhance our services , we ( or third party service providers acting on our behalf ) may combine information ( including personally identifying information ) that we collect through our website with information about you and/or your computer from other sources , including offline interactions with us , public databases , and third parties . We may share this information with our affiliates , including AutoTrader Group , Inc. and any of their subsidiaries , so that we and they may provide you with information , products , and services that we believe may be of interest to you . Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) encryption ( See " Security , " below. )  We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us and to help detect and prevent fraud . We do not share your credit card information with anyone , except as may be necessary to process your transactions , detect and/or prevent fraud , or comply with law . To make our website more valuable to our visitors , we feature some products and services that come from other providers . Our finance , insurance , warranty , and inspection services , for example , are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services . We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services . Our site includes links to other websites , and provides access to products and services offered by third parties , whose privacy policies we do n't control . When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website , use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you 're visiting or the provider of such products or services . When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site , use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services . The provider 's privacy policy may differ from ours . If you ca n't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their site 's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered , you should contact the provider directly for more information . We may release or use information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with laws ; to respond to legal process or to a valid law enforcement request ; to enforce our Visitor Agreement ; or to protect the rights , property or safety of visitors to our website , our customers , the public or AutoTrader.com . As our business grows , we may buy or sell various assets . In the unlikely event that AutoTrader.com , Inc. , one of its business units , or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company , information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets . If you choose to unsubscribe in response to an email message that we send on behalf of an advertiser , we will share your email address and opt-out instructions with the advertiser . Similarly , if we ask a third-party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf , we will share with that company ( or its agent ) a list of email addresses collected from website visitors who have opted out of our email program . We may allow others to search some of our databases ( our listings database , for example ) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data , either for their business purposes , or ours . Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying ( such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing ) , we will only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website . When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you , we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services . We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request . AutoTrader.com , Inc. takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure information we gather on our website is stored in a secure manner . Any credit card information you may provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) encryption . While we work hard to protect your privacy , no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable , or invulnerable to attack , including your own , and the ones used to transmit your data to us . We can not and do not guarantee that our systems , or your information , will be secure . Any information you include in an actual vehicle listing is publicly available on the website and viewable by anyone with Internet access . This website is intended for use by visitors within the United States . If you reside outside the United States , please be aware that ( i ) our databases are stored on servers and storage devices located in the United States , ( ii ) your information ( including personal data ) may be transferred to the United States for processing and storage , and ( iii ) the United States , and the localities within the United States where our databases are located , may not guarantee the same level of protection for personal data as the locality or country in which you reside . By using our website , you expressly agree to our collection , use , disclosure , and transfer of your information ( including personal data ) for the purposes identified herein , and you consent to the transfer of such information outside of your country . Our website is not directed at or intended for children under 13 and we will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information ; if you are under 13 , please do not provide any information about yourself on this website . If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future , we will post the revised Privacy Statement on this website together with an updated reference to its Effective date to reflect the date of the amendment . Your continued use of this website following the effective date of any such amendment shall be deemed to constitute your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Statement as amended . By visiting AutoTrader.com , you agree that your visit , and any dispute over privacy , is governed by this Privacy Statement and our Visitor Agreement . 
PRIVACY POLICY Last Updated and Effective : August 20 , 2012 This privacy policy ( " Privacy Policy " ) applies to the information collected by Sony Corporation of America ( SCA ) , both offline and online , including through www.sony.com and through any interactive features , applications , widgets , blogs , social networks and other online or wireless offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy , whether accessed via computer , mobile device or other technology ( collectively , SCA Websites or Websites ) . Please note that when you enter any subsites accessible through www.sony.com , such subsites may have their own specific privacy policies . Additionally , the websites of affiliated Sony companies , including some that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , and internet domains that are linked to/from the SCA Websites , may have different policies ; therefore , please review the privacy policy notices on those websites if you visit them . This Privacy Policy explains the information that SCA may collect when you interact with us and our practices with respect to that information . Please read this Privacy Policy carefully . In addition , please review our Terms & Conditions , which govern your use of the SCA Websites . Notice to California Residents Your California Privacy Rights : If you are a California resident , you have the right to receive : ( a ) information identifying any third party ( ies ) to whom SCA may have disclosed , within the preceding calendar year , your personal information for that third party 's direct marketing purposes ; and ( b ) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed . To obtain such information free of charge , please write to us at Sony Corporation of America , 550 Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10022 , Attn : Legal Department , or submit your request to privacy @ sonyusa.com . SCA will respond to these requests within thirty ( 30 ) days . Requests that come to SCA by other means may result in a delayed response . TABLE OF CONTENTS 1 . Collection of Information Information You Provide To SCA Information SCA Collects Automatically Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies . Information SCA Receives From Third Parties Social Media Applications 2 . Uses of the Personal Information SCA Collects 3 . When and With Whom SCA May Share Information Collected 4 . Links To and SCA Content On Other Websites 5 . Security 6 . Consent to Processing 7 . Policy Governs Use : Changes to Privacy Policy 8 . Questions Information You Provide To SCA In General . While SCA does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the SCA Websites , please note that in order to participate in some activities , such as sweepstakes , contests and other promotions ( collectively , Promotions ) and chat rooms or bulletin boards , we may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally ( such as first and last name , e-mail address , mailing address and telephone number ) ( " Personal Information " ) . We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself , such as demographic information ( such as gender , geographic region , age , etc. )  or certain information about your preferences and interests . If you choose not to provide such Personal Information or other information to us , you may not be able to participate in certain activities we offer . If we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with Personal Information about you , we will treat the combined information as Personal Information . Individuals Under 13 . The SCA Websites are open to all individuals , though some Promotions may have age restrictions . We do not knowingly collect or permit the collection , storage or use of any Personal Information from anyone under 13 . If you are a parent or guardian who knows or has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her Personal Information or other information without your consent , permission or authorization , upon request , we will promptly : ( a ) provide direct notice to you indicating what , if any , Personal Information of your child has been collected and how it has been used and/or disclosed ; ( b ) remove your child 's Personal Information or other information from our database , cease the use of such information and direct any other party with access to such information to do the same ; and ( c ) by notice to you , confirm compliance with the foregoing . For Promotions . We may offer opportunities to enter into Promotions that we offer , on our own or jointly with a third party . Such Promotions may require registration and the disclosure of both Personal Information and non-Personal Information . In the event that a Promotion is offered jointly with a third party , as a result of your participation in such Promotion , your Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be shared with such third party , which sharing we will disclose to you at the time you provide your information . By entering a Promotion , you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion , which may contain specific requirements of you , including , except where prohibited by law , allowing the sponsor and/or other third parties connected to the Promotion to use your name , voice and/or likeness in advertising and marketing materials . Therefore , always carefully read the rules of the Promotion before entering . Information SCA Collects Automatically In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to provide to us via the SCA Websites , whenever you visit or interact with the SCA Websites , SCA automatically collects certain information such as your IP address and/or another unique identifier ( " Device Identifier " ) for the computer , mobile device , technology or other device ( " Device " ) you use to access the SCA Websites and any referring website . ( A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers . Our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. )  Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Websites . In addition , SCA , as well as certain third-party analytics and other service providers , may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you use the SCA Websites ( " Usage Information " ) . Usage Information may include , in part , browser type , operating system , the page served , the time at which a page was accessed and/or the time spent on a page , and the preceding pages views . Usage Information is generally non-identifying , but if SCA associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person , we will treat it as Personal Information . Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies . The technologies used on the SCA Websites to collect Usage Information , including Device Identifiers , may include :  Cookies . " Cookies " ( which may be html files , Flash files or other technology ) are small text files that help store user preferences and activity . A Cookie is placed on a Device when it is used to visit the SCA Websites or otherwise access our online offerings . Cookies may be used for many purposes , such as remembering you and your preferences , tracking your visits to our web pages and customizing your SCA Website experience . If you choose to disable cookies on your Device , some features of our Websites or our online offerings may not function properly . Web Beacons . Web beacons ( also known as image tags , pixel tags , GIFS or web bugs ) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising data , such as counting page views , promotion views or advertising responses . Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes , including , without limitation , to count visitors to the SCA Websites , to monitor how users navigate the SCA Websites , to count how many sent e-mails were actually opened or to determine whether content sent was actually viewed . Embedded Scripts . An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the SCA Websites , such as the links you click on . The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our server or a third party service provider , is active only while you are connected to the Websites , and is deactivated or deleted thereafter . Information SCA Receives From Third Parties SCA may receive information about you from third parties . In addition , if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from us , that website will forward to us your e-mail address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested . We may also supplement the information we collect about you with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you , to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you . When we obtain Personal Information from third parties , we will apply this Privacy Policy to the Personal Information received , unless we have disclosed otherwise . Social Media Applications Functionality on the SCA Websites may permit interactions between such SCA Websites and a third-party website , such as enabling you to like a product or share content to third-party websites . If you choose to like or share content or to otherwise post information from or via the SCA Websites to a third-party website , feature or application , that information may become public and the third-party web site may have access to information about you and your use of the SCA Websites . You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature ( such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party website ) through which you allow us to collect and share ( or the third party to share ) information about you , including Personal Information . The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature , in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature , but we may retain the information previously collected . In addition , we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their connections , or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your connections web page , profile page , or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or interactive service . SCA will use the information it collects , including your Personal Information : to tailor your experience on the SCA Websites ; to determine which products and services we offer may be of interest to you ; to provide you with information about Promotions or other offerings that may be of interest to you ; to provide you with support and answer questions or other requests ; and for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide the Personal Information . We may also use the information we collect to improve the SCA Websites and our products and services , for internal business purposes , and to contact you with regard to your use of the SCA Websites and , in our discretion , changes to any of our policies . Non-Personal Information . We may share non-Personal Information , such as aggregate user statistics , demographic information , and Usage Information with third parties for a variety of purposes , including tailoring promotions , advertising and communications we present to you . Personal Information . We may also share your Personal Information , as specifically disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information and in the following circumstances :  To Affiliates , Other Sony Companies and Third-Parties . To Affiliates and Other Sony Companies . SCA may share your Personal Information with companies affiliated with SCA ( Affiliates " ) , so that those Affiliates can ( i ) assist us with fulfilling your requests or improving our products , content , services or advertising ; and/or ( ii ) contact you about products , content , services or other offerings that may be of interest to you . For purposes of this Privacy Policy , Affiliates means Sony Corporation of America , any company with respect to which SCA owns , directly or indirectly , 50 % or more of its outstanding shares , and any company with the name " SONY " as a part of its trade name . To Third-Party Service Providers Providing Services On SCA 's Behalf . We may from time to time employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf , and thus , we may also share your Personal Information with third party service providers that assist us with providing content , fulfilling your requests , improving our products , content , services or advertising , or otherwise performing services for SCA . As one example , if you access content or services that are published , developed or supported by an Affiliate or third party , your Personal Information may be shared with that Affiliate or third party for purposes related to that content or those services , including service administration and/or development . Additionally , we may share your information in order to host or operate the SCA Websites , for data analysis purposes , and for the administration of Promotions , such as in connection with winner selection and prize fulfillment . When You Consent To Have Your Personal Information Shared or Otherwise Request That We Share Your Information . We may offer you the opportunity to consent to the sharing of your information with third parties . Such reasons include , without limitation , so that you are able to receive information and/or marketing offers from third parties . Additionally , you may request , sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third- party application , that we share Personal Information about you with a third party , and we will typically do so in those circumstances . If you agree or request to have your Personal Information shared ( either by opting in , choosing not to opt-out or using a specific feature of the SCA Websites ) , your Personal Information will be disclosed to the applicable third party ( s ) and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of such third party ( s ) ; therefore , please consult the respective privacy policies of each third party . If you consent or request to receive communications from third parties , you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications . The provisions above apply to our sharing of Personal Information with Affiliates and third-party service providers . They do not cover use of Personal Information that those Affiliates and third-party service providers collect directly from you . Such use of Personal Information is covered by the relevant Affiliate 's and/or third party 's privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy . Business Transactions . We may share your Personal Information with other entities affiliated with us for internal reasons , primarily for business and operational purposes including any corporate reorganization , restructuring or other corporate change . In addition , SCA or any of its assets , including the SCA Websites , may be sold , or other transactions may occur in which your Personal Information is one of the key business assets in the transaction . In such a case , your Personal Information may be one of the business assets we transfer . Hence , SCA reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information , including Personal Information , in connection with any activity and/or transaction described above . Legal Protections and Law Enforcement . We may transfer and disclose information , including your Personal Information , Usage Information and Device Identifier ( including IP address ) , to third parties : ( i ) to comply with legal obligations ; ( ii ) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it ; ( iii ) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation ; ( iv ) to verify or enforce our Terms & Conditions or other applicable policies ; ( v ) to respond to an emergency ; or ( vi ) to otherwise protect the rights , property , safety or security of third parties , visitors to the SCA Websites or the public . We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users , and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners , Internet service providers , wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies , in our discretion . Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you . The SCA Websites may contain links to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control . This includes links of advertisers , sponsors and partners that may use our logo ( s ) as part of a co-branding agreement . In addition , SCA content or widgets may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control . These other websites may send their own cookies to your Device , and they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information . A link from any SCA Website to any other website does not mean that Sony approves of , endorses , or recommends that website . SCA provides such links for your convenience and is not responsible for the content of any website linked to or from any SCA Website . Moreover , SCA is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party , and it disclaims all warranties , express or implied , as to the accuracy , legality , reliability , or validity of any content on any other website . SCA uses commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information , and we use reasonable efforts to obtain the agreement of our Affiliates and third-party service providers to take steps to protect the confidentiality , security , and integrity of Personal Information we share with them . However , no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100 % private and secure . Please be careful to avoid phishing ' scams , where someone may send you an e-mail that looks like it is from SCA asking for your Personal Information . SCA will never request your Personal Information through e-mail . You understand that any message or information you send to a SCA Website may be read or intercepted by others . SCA does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you use the SCA Websites and provide us with your information at your own risk . The SCA Websites are operated in the United States . If you are located in the European Union , Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States , please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States . By using the SCA Websites , or providing us with any information , you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer , processing and storage of your information in the United States , a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen . The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place . SCA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time , without prior notice to you , and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting . Your continued use of the SCA Websites after posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of , and agreement to be bound by , those changes . Thus , please review this Privacy Policy periodically . If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding Personal Information or about this Privacy Policy , please write to us at Sony Corporation of America , 550 Madison Avenue , New York , New York 10022 , Attn : Legal Department , or submit your request to privacy @ sonyusa.com . 
Effective as of January 15 , 2009 Forever 21 , Inc. , and its U.S. and Canadian retail affiliates , Forever 21 Retail , Inc. and Forever XXI , ULC ( collectively , " Forever 21 " ) , value our customers and visitors to our Websites and respect your concerns about the privacy of your personal information and data security . Our Privacy and Security Policy ( the " Privacy Policy " ) is intended to protect your privacy and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion , style and shopping . This Privacy Policy applies to our Websites hosted in the United States and Canada , namely , www.forever21.com and http : //canada.forever21.com ( collectively , the " Websites " ) , and to our fashion marketing and sales activities , including sales through our store locations , in the United States and Canada under our brands Forever 21 , Heritage 1981 , Twelve by Twelve , Reference , For Love 21 and Gadzooks . This Privacy Policy protects consumers providing information through our Websites and stores and is not designed to protect business information . By using our Websites or providing information to us at our stores , you consent to the collection and use of your personal information . In addition to reviewing our Privacy Policy , you should also read our Terms of Use for our Websites . Your use of our Websites constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions . Because we continue to develop our Websites and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide , our policies will change over time . We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices . If you are a registered user of our Websites , we may notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy using the most current email address you have provided to us . Your continued access and use of our Websites will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to our Privacy Policy . This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect , use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical support . This Privacy Policy explains :  What information Forever 21 gathers from users of our Websites . How Forever 21 uses the personal information that you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship . How Forever 21 uses " cookies " and " IP Addresses. "  What personal information , if any , Forever 21 may share about you with others and the conditions that protect your information if it must be shared . What kind of security measures Forever 21 takes to protect your information from loss or disclosure and how Forever 21 will inform you in the event of a security breach . The circumstances under which you can access your personal information you have shared with Forever 21 and have that information corrected , restrict Forever 21 's use of that information , and even have it removed from our records . Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores . We receive and store information you enter on our Websites , provide to us at our stores , or give to us in any other way . For example , you may provide information to us when you register with our Websites , sign-in , search , add items to your shopping cart , pay for an item , participate in a survey , contest or promotion , apply for a job , request to receive our marketing materials , or communicate with Forever 21 's customer service . As a result of those actions , you might supply us with such information as your name , address , phone number , email address , payment card information , and personal shopping and product preferences . In applying for a job with us , you may provide to us your name , address , phone number , email address , previous work experience , references and other personal information about your background and experience . We also automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you visit our Websites . We might also receive information about you from other sources , such as in providing you special offers that we think will be of interest , and we may add that information to our account information . We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site . They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site , and your interaction with our products and services . They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services . This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag , which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites . No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process . They do not know the name , phone number , address , email address , or any personally identifying information about the user . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider , please click here . You can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative website by clicking here . We use information we have collected about you to provide you with the very best shopping experience , the most current fashion clothing and accessories , and personal style news . We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason . We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties , or to our affiliates , who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so . We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction you authorized or perform some other activity you have asked us to do . We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf . All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform . We may disclose personal information about our customers as permitted or required by law , such as in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process , or in connection with a merger , acquisition or bankruptcy , as discussed further below . We may disclose information about you to protect against fraud and other crimes and to enforce our contracts with you . We try to provide you with the information you need to make informed reasonable choices with respect to how our Websites uses or shares your information . Forever 21 collects and uses personal information from you in several ways :  Website usage . Forever 21 or Forever 21 's authorized service providers may observe activities , preferences and transactional data ( such as your IP address , browser type and operating system ) relating to your use of our Websites . We may use this collected or logged information in order to provide better service , to facilitate our customers ' use of the website , to track usage of the website , and to address security hazards . Forever 21 , or one of Forever 21 's authorized service providers , may use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout our Websites for Forever 21 's internal analysis . Online Transactions.We collect information about you when you shop on our website . You may visit our site without registering , but if you wish to add merchandise to your shopping cart , create a wish list or use other special features offered on our site , you will need to provide us with certain information , including your name , address , phone number and email address , to open an account with us . We will assist you in creating a user id and a password to protect your account information . Similarly , if you wish to apply online for a job position with us , you will be required to submit relevant information about your background and experience . Store Transactions . We collect information about you when you purchase merchandise in our stores or sign-up in our stores to receive our marketing materials or apply for a job . Our internal data security policies restrict access to customers ' personal information to authorized employees . Authorized employees may use our customers ' personal information for Forever 21 business purposes only . Our employees are bound by Forever 21 policies that require them to maintain the confidentiality of our customers ' personal information . Employees who violate these requirements are subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination . We maintain physical , electronic , and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers ' personal information . For example , for the security of your online visit to our Websites , we may make use of firewall barriers , encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures . Unfortunately , no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure . As a result , while we strive to protect your personal information , Forever 21 can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us , and you do so at your own risk . In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information , we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps . Unless you indicate otherwise , we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites . We may use " cookies " to collect or log certain information . A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores on a personal computer and which it can later retrieve . We may use cookies for some administrative purposes , for example , to store our customers ' preferences for certain kinds of products or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our website . The cookies will not contain information that will enable anyone to contact our customers via telephone , email , or any other means . If our customers are uncomfortable with the use of cookie technology , they can set their browsers to refuse cookies . Certain of our services , however , could be dependent on cookies and our customers may disable those services by refusing cookies . Our Websites may contain links to third party sites . Please be aware , however , that Forever 21 is not responsible for and can not control the privacy policies of these other sites or their practices . We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other sites , as they may differ from ours . This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by Forever 21 . You have choices when it comes to how Forever 21 uses your personal information . When you register online with our Websites or sign-up in our stores , you can choose not to receive information about merchandise , services and special promotional offers from us by direct mail and/or email . If you elect not to receive such product marketing information by direct mail or email , Forever 21 may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account and process your transactions . You can change your preferences by following the instructions for opting out at the end of the marketing email , or by following the instructions for Account Information on the Websites or by contacting Customer Service at www.forever21.com/customerservice , or calling in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) . Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important so we can provide you with excellent service . If your account information is incomplete , inaccurate or not current , please follow the instructions for My Account on our Websites to correct or update your account information online , or you may contact Customer Service at www.forever21.com/customerservice or call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) . If you need additional assistance or wish more information about our privacy practices , please call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 ( EVER ) ( - Toll Free ) and ask to speak to our Privacy Officer . Our Websites are hosted in the United States and are intended for United States and Canadian visitors . This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States and Canada . Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States and Canada . Like almost every website , our Websites may be accessed by an international audience . If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website , by visiting our website and providing us with data , you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy . In addition , such data may be stored on servers located in the United States , which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction . By providing us with your data , you consent to transfer of such data . If Forever 21 should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company , or if Forever 21 should decide to buy another business , or sell or reorganize part or all of Forever 21 's business , Forever 21 may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties . It is Forever 21 's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions . Forever 21 can not , however , guarantee that Forever 21 's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if Forever 21 is sold or merges with another company . Children are not eligible to use our Websites . We ask that minors ( under the age of 18 ) only use our Websites in conjunction with your parents or guardians . Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to Forever 21 . If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Websites , and Forever 21 becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child , we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible . Because we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under 13 , we do not use or disclose such information to third parties . You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information and be responsible about protecting your personal information and identity whenever you are online . Forever 21 , Heritage 1981 , Twelve by Twelve , Reference , For Love 21 and Gadzooks , and www.Forever21.com and http : //Canada.forever21.com are tradenames and/or trademarks of Forever 21 , Inc. and its affiliates . Forever21.com Canada.forever21.com Forever 21 , Inc . Forever 21 Retail , Inc . Forever XXI , ULC 3880 N. Mission Rd. Los Angeles , CA 90031 213-741-5100 ( office ) 213-741-8995 ( fax )  
Privacy Statement CVS Caremark 's Privacy Commitments Effective Date : November 30 , 2012 . At CVS Caremark , we are committed to ensuring your privacy . This commitment guides our decisions about how , where , and when to collect and share your personally identifiable information . Our goal is to provide you with clear , easy-to-read explanations about our information practices in one place . This explanatory information applies throughout our businesses and across our websites , mobile apps and social media presences for cvs.com , caremark.com , cvscaremark.com and minuteclinic.com ( " Our Sites " ) . We welcome your questions and feedback about our Privacy Policy or our privacy commitments , and invite you to Contact Us . As part of our privacy commitment to you , we want to share with you the basic components of our Privacy Policy :  Transparency . We will make our privacy commitments easy to find and easy to read . Notice . We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy before they take effect . Choice . You have choices about what information you provide to CVS and how CVS Caremark will use your information for marketing purposes . Security . We will use state of the art security safeguards to protect your privacy and the data entrusted to us . Control . We will not sell your personal information to anyone , for any purpose . And when we share information with our subsidiaries or trusted service providers , they too must comply with our privacy commitments . Accessibility . We will listen to your feedback and answer your questions about our Privacy Policy , commitments , and practices . We recognize the trust you place in us to safeguard your privacy . Our privacy commitments are and will remain a fundamental part of our business , and will apply to everyone who has a relationship with CVS Caremark , including patients , customers , and visitors to Our Sites . These commitments may well grow as our business grows and we develop new ways to interact with you , but rest assured that we will keep you informed about these changes through our updated policies . The CVS Caremark Privacy Policy CVS Caremark Sites and Mobile Apps are owned and operated by the CVS Caremark Corporation . This Privacy Policy describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used . Our Privacy Policy applies to the information collected on Our Sites and to any other information that CVS Caremark collects about you . For information about the privacy of your personal health information , please review the CVS Caremark Notice of Privacy Practices . By using Our Sites , you signify your consent to our collection , use , and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy . If you do not agree with the practices described in this Privacy Policy , please do not use Our Sites . CVS Caremark may collect different types of personal or other information when you visit Our Sites , when you place orders with us , and in other circumstances described in this Privacy Policy . Some examples of the information we collect include :  Contact Information , which we use for contacting you regarding your orders or for services which may be of interest to you ; Billing Information necessary for your financial relationship with us , including payment method data you store with us for the completion of orders ; Personal Health Information necessary for filling prescription orders from CVS Caremark . We may also collect Personal Health Information while providing you services at CVS MinuteClinic . This information is also protected under our Notice of Privacy Practices ; Technical Information relating to your use of our Sites or mobile apps . CVS Caremark collects information in four primary ways : When you provide us with information when you purchase or interact with us about products or services offered by CVS Caremark ; When you register as a user of a CVS Caremark Site ; When we collect technical information automatically when you visit Our Sites ; and When we obtain information about you from your employer or health care plan in connection with your prescription orders . CVS Caremark may use the information we collect in a variety of ways to enhance our customers ' experiences , including to : Process your orders for products or services ; Improve customer services ; Respond to your questions ; Deliver you customized content , advertising and savings that may be of interest to you ; Communicate with you regarding updates , offers , and promotions ; Monitor and ensure Site integrity and security ; Investigate , prevent , or take action relating to illegal activities , violations of our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy ; and Aggregate non-identifiable information for business analysis . We collect information about your activity on Our Sites and through our advertisements using technologies such as cookies , including third-party cookies , web beacons and server log files . We and our third party business partners use this automatically generated information , as well as other information that we or they have , to provide you with an optimal website experience . This includes measuring the effectiveness of our ads and your interactions them , and tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services you may find helpful on Our Sites and third-party sites . Our Sites may also contain third-party cookies from advertising partners who help serve ads for CVS Caremark and other third parties on Our Sites and elsewhere on the web . To opt-out of these type of cookies , visit the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) website by clicking here . Remember that even if you opt-out through the NAI website , you can still receive tailored offers through your CVS ExtraCare savings and rewards program , which can be accessed through mycvs.com . CVS Caremark will only share your personal information in manners described within this Privacy Policy . We do not sell your personal information to anyone for marketing purposes . With CVS Caremark Companies : CVS Caremark and its subsidiaries may share your personally identifiable information with one another to ensure that your experiences as a customer or user of CVS Caremark Sites is as seamless and enjoyable as possible . With Third Party Companies : In limited circumstances , CVS Caremark may share your personally identifiable information with third party companies to provide you with technologies , services , or content that may be of interest to you , or to assist us in fulfilling your orders . In all instances in which CVS Caremark shares your personally identifiable information , we require that the recipient agrees to protect it in a manner consistent with this privacy policy . In Other Circumstances : CVS Caremark may share your information in other limited circumstances , including : Responding to requests from law enforcement officials or judicial authorities or to otherwise cooperate with authorities pursuant to a legal matter ; Responding to matters of personal or public safety ; In litigation , investigations , and other legal matters where the data is pertinent ; To investigate security incidents ; In the event of the sale or transfer of CVS Caremark or of some of our assets , or in the context of similar business negotiations . We also collect technical , non-personal information about Site users . CVS Caremark may also remove personally identifiable information to create anonymous data . This data can not be used to identify any individual , and we will not attempt to re-identify later or allow others to do . CVS Caremark uses and shares this data for historical , statistical , or business planning purposes . CVS Caremark Sites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13 . We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know to be under the age of 13 . We instruct users under the age of 13 not to send any information to CVS Caremark through our Sites . We maintain industry standard security measures , including SSL encryption , to protect sensitive data such as when it is stored by CVS Caremark and when you send it to us . We ask all third parties acting on our behalf to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to implement comparable data protection and security policies . We maintain personal information for registered Site users in accordance with our Records Retention Policy and Procedure , and you have the right to change your membership information or status at any time . You have the ability to review , modify , or request the removal of personal information we collect about you . Certain information may be retained , however , to satisfy legal obligations . You may choose to limit the types and frequency of communications you receive from CVS Caremark . You may choose to end your relationship with CVS Caremark at any point . We collect information , including personal contact information , education and work history , as well as Social Security numbers in order to process and consider your application . Your application information will not be sold to unaffiliated third-parties for marketing purposes . The information on your application may be shared with background services and our affiliates and used for certain regulatory , compliance and legal purposes . Any changes in our Privacy Policy will be prominently posted on the CVS Caremark Privacy Site so that you are aware of any changes in the data we collect and how we use it . If you register and provide us with a valid email address , we will notify you by email of any significant changes to this Privacy Policy . You will be given the opportunity to opt in to any significant new uses of personal information if that information was collected prior to the change in this policy . If you do not opt in to any significant new uses of your personal information , that information will continue to be governed by the policy in effect at the time your information was collected . If you do not register , we will not have your email address and can not provide you with any notifications of Privacy Policy changes . In some circumstances , CVS Caremark 's use of your information will also be subject to the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( frequently referred to as ' HIPAA ' ) . For example , when you are submitting personal health information for prescription refills , or you provide information to during a visit to the MinuteClinic or through the Patient Center My Records at MinuteClinic.com , we are subject to the requirements of HIPAA . In these circumstances , the terms of CVS Caremark 's HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices will apply . If you have questions about which policy applies to information you have provided us , please do not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 . Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 , California customers are entitled to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Policy , CVS Caremark will not sell or transfer your personal information with third party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent . California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this statute or who have questions more generally about our Privacy Policy and our privacy commitments to our customers and Site users should not hesitate to Contact Us , or call us toll-free at ( 888 ) 607-4287 . 
Privacy Policy Effective Date : April 24 , 2013 CafePress values the users of our website ( the " Website " ) . Your privacy and trust are very important to us . We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection , use , and disclosure of the personally identifiable information ( " Personal Information " ) that we collect when you use the Website and the services offered on the Website ( " CafePress Services " ) . This Privacy Policy describes the information that we collect from you , how we collect this information , and what we do with it after we collect it . By using the Website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy . If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy , please contact us at privacy @ cafepress.com . We may make changes to the Privacy Policy from time to time . We will notify you of any material changes by sending you an email , posting a notice on the home page of the Website , or posting a notice in your account when you first login after we have made changes . If you receive notification of a change in our Privacy Policy , you must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures . You may not be able to receive notices from us if your cookies are not set to accept and/or are disabled . Personal Information . We collect Personal Information that you provide to us , such as your name , mailing address , phone number , email address , credit card number , and financial information . Non-Personal Information . We also collect non-personal information from you , such as your browser type , the URL of the previous website you visited , your ISP , operating system , and your Internet protocol ( IP ) Address ( " Non-Personal Information " ) . Non-Personal Information can not be easily used to personally identify you . Providing Information to Us . We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us . For example , if you purchase a product , we may collect your name , mailing address , telephone number , credit card number , and email address . If you create a Content Owner Account , we may collect your name , tax identification number , mailing address , email address , and other information that we request during the registration process , and any information that you provide on your CafePress storefront . If you sign up to receive a newsletter , we will collect your email address . Communications With Us . If you communicate with us regarding the Website or the CafePress Services , we will collect any information that you provide to us in any such communication . Analytic and Reporting Technologies . Like the operators of most websites , we use analytic and reporting technologies to record Non-Personal Information such as Internet domain and host names , Internet protocol ( IP ) addresses , browser software , operating system types , clickstream patterns , and the dates and times that the Website and the CafePress Services are accessed . We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website . To do this , we may use web beacons and cookies . Signing In via Social Network Account . CafePress may allow you to sign in to a CafePress website or application using a social networking account , such as a Facebook account . These social networking sign-on features may also enable you to create an account more easily by prepopulating our registration form with the information you provided to the social networking site . Typically , the first time you use one of these sign-on services , the social networking site will inform you of the information that will be shared with CafePress . We may use that information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy . To learn more about what information the social networking site collects when you use it to sign in to our website or application , please refer to the privacy policy for that social networking site . Personal Information . We use Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website , fulfilling requests for information , producing and shipping the products that you order , and providing customer support . For example , if you create a Content Owner Account , we will use the information that you provide us to communicate with you and pay you any royalties that you earn . Similarly , if you sign up to receive a CafePress newsletter , we will use the email address you provide to send you the newsletters . Non-Personal Information . We use Non-Personal Information to track the use of the Website and the CafePress Services and for other internal purposes , such as providing , maintaining , evaluating , and improving the CafePress Services and the Website . Disclosure to Successors . We may disclose your Personal Information to any successor-in-interest of ours , such as a company that acquires us . In the event CafePress goes through a business transition , such as a merger or acquisition by or with another company , or sale of all or a portion of our assets , your Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred . You will be notified via email or by a notice on our Website of any such change in ownership or control of your Personal Information . Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties . We may disclose your Personal Information to prevent an emergency , to prevent harm to others , to respond to legal requirements , to protect or enforce our rights and policies , to protect or enforce the rights of a third party , or as required or permitted by law ( including , without limitation , to comply with a subpoena or court order ) . In particular , if you are a Content Owner , we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights through the products sold through your Shop . Similarly , if you allege that a Content Owner is infringing upon your intellectual property rights , we may disclose your information to that Content Owner . Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers and Online Partners . We may contract with various third parties who help us provide , maintain and improve the Website and the CafePress Services . For example , we use a third party to process payments made to us , and may subcontract out production , fulfillment , analytics , reporting or other operations . We also contract with several online partners to help manage , monitor and optimize our Website and the CafePress Services and to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising , communications and how visitors use the Website . We will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your Personal Information , except for the purpose of providing the services in question . We can not guarantee that such third parties will not disclose your Personal Information . CafePress does not share , rent or trade your Personal Information with third parties for their promotional purposes . Disclosure to Content Owners . If you purchase a product from a Shop , CafePress may provide your name , and the city and state information provided by you to the Content Owner . In the Content Owner Agreement , CafePress contractually obligates each Content Owner not to use or disclose this information for any purposes other than internal record keeping , and for marketing their Shops , only if you have opted in to receive marketing material directly from the Content Owner . We can not guarantee all Content Owners will comply with this obligation . Disclosure of Non-Personal Information . We will disclose Non-Personal Information , in aggregate form , to potential strategic partners , advertisers , investors , customers , and others . You may not opt-out of the sharing of this information . However , it can not be easily used to identify you personally . Internet Advertising . We may use third party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on the Website . They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Website , and your interaction with our products and services . They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services . This anonymous information is collected through the use of a web beacon , which is industry standard technology used by most major websites . If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service providers , please click here . A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer . Most websites use cookies . We use cookies to track your use of the Website and the CafePress Services , provide you with a more personalized user experience , and to allow you to login and begin use of the CafePress Services automatically when you visit the Website . A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image , usually no larger than a 1x1 pixel that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the Website or receiving the e-mail . Cookies and web beacons used by CafePress and our online partners are not linked to Personal Information . Some of our Content Owners may use cookies or web beacons on our Website . We have no access to or control over these cookies and web beacons . This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and web beacons by CafePress and our online partners only and does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any other third party , Content Owner or advertiser . Personal Information . Whenever we obtain your Personal Information , we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure . However , we are not insurers of the security of your Personal Information . Accordingly , we assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission , unauthorized third party access or other acts of third parties , or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control . Website Content . The content that you store , post , or transmit on or through the Website , such as message board postings , storefront pages , and images on your Products , may be accessed by other users , including people that you do not know . We are not responsible for the actions of others . Therefore , you should use care in communicating with other users and only disclose your Personal Information to other users that you know to be trustworthy . You should not assume that your content will be kept private . You can obtain a copy of and request that we correct errors in your Personal Information by emailing us at privacy @ cafepress.com . For your protection , you will be required to provide proof of your identity to obtain a copy of your Personal Information . If your Personal Information changes or if you no longer want to use the CafePress Services , you may correct , update or deactivate your Personal Information and/or your account through the account management screen . If you would like to deactivate or terminate your account you can also contact Customer Service . The security of your Personal Information is important to us . When you enter sensitive information such as a credit card number and/or social security number on our registration or order forms , we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ( SSL ) . We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us , both during transmission and once we receive it . However , no method of transmission over the Internet , or method of electronic storage , is 100 % secure . Therefore , while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information , we can not guarantee its absolute security . Given that the Internet is a global environment , using the Internet to collect and process Personal Information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis . By providing CafePress with your Personal Information you acknowledge and agree that we may store your Personal Information and transfer it to and from our servers located in the United States and throughout the world . We endeavor to protect all Personal Information collected through the Website in a safe , confidential and secure manner . You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Website . This Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites . We can not control how third parties may use Personal Information you disclose to them , so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your Personal Information to its provider . Under Thirteen . The CafePress Services are intended for users ages 13 and older only . Accordingly , we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children that we know to be under the age of 13 . In addition , we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 13 . Thirteen to Seventeen . Prospective users between the ages of 13 and 17 can only use the CafePress Services under their parents or legal guardian 's supervision . If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 , you , your parent , or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your Personal Information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us . If you wish to do so , please contact us at privacy @ cafepress.com . We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used for certain purposes . For example , if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us , you can indicate your preference on our order form . If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters and promotional communications , you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at privacy @ cafepress.com . We also offer you an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications through the account management screen . If you need assistance you may contact us at privacy @ cafepress.com ; Customer Service ; or via mail sent to 1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300 , San Mateo , CA 94404 . If we disclose your Personal Information to a third party in a manner that is not set forth in this Privacy Policy you will be notified so that you can make an informed choice about sharing your Personal Information with that third party . top If you are a California resident , California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by CafePress and its related companies to third parties for the third parties ' direct marketing purposes . With respect to these entities , this privacy policy applies only to their activities within the State of California . To make such a request , please send an email to privacy @ cafepress.com or write us :  CafePress Inc . Attn . Legal CA Privacy 1850 Gateway Drive , Suite 300 San Mateo , CA 94404 
