An international group approved a formal ban on ivory trade despite objections from southern African governments , which threatened to find alternative channels for selling elephant tusks .
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated the damage to his city alone at $ 2 billion .
$ 248.3 million of securities backed by home-equity loans through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
For the six months ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier .
Foresight
Its securities have been dubbed `` bailout bonds '' by traders .
Continentals are unable to be butlers because they are as a breed incapable of the emotional restraint which only the English race are capable of . ''
`` My husband was instantly impoverished by the very act of marrying me , '' she says .
Nine-month net climbed 19 % to $ 174.8 million , or $ 2.21 a primary share , from $ 147.5 million , or $ 1.94 a share .
But for the most part , officials have avoided expressing those views in public , fearing they would unnecessarily antagonize the Fed .
While few lawmakers anticipated that the humanitarian aid would be cut off next month , Mr. Ortega 's threat practically guarantees that the humanitarian aid will be continued .
Armstrong added 1\/8 to 39 1\/8 .
The union has demanded a 37.6 % increase in the minimum wage while De Beers 's final offer was an increase of 17 % .
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it .
In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen .
Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure .
`` The rate of failures will be much more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects , '' says G.S. Patel , a former chairman of the giant , government-run mutual fund , the Unit Trust of India .
Exxon
However , he said officials conducting the study had n't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness .
In national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 23.25 a share , down 25 cents .
Or maybe they are disgusted by the literal-minded musical score ; when a character arrives at a major decision her thoughts are revealed by the sound of `` I Can See Clearly Now . ''
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did .
The refund stems from a court ruling that found certain payments by Humana subsidiaries to its insurance subsidiary during fiscal 1977 through 1979 were deductible as premiums for liability insurance .
That event , he contended , simply shows the `` vulnerability '' of having listings on only one exchange .
Shrinking profit margins in chemical and refining and marketing sectors accounted for most of the decline , said Chairman C.J. Silas in a statement .
Complying with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days .
AMR had weighed a wide range of possible responses , from flat rejection to recapitalizations and leveraged buy-outs that might have included either employees , a friendlier buyer such as Texas billionaire Robert Bass , or both .
Asked to say a few words , he pulls out his crumpled piece of paper and tries to talk , but he 's too choked up to get the words out .
In an apparent attempt to keep a lid on short-term interest rates , the Fed once again pumped money into the banking system .
Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC , a major British composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe .
In other moves , Mr. Rosen says he bought a truck three years ago to reach more retailers .
As reported last month , Mr. Kass said he was interested in making an offer to buy H.H. Robertson for $ 13 a share .
When , however , he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory .
They maintain that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills .
Officials familiar with the meeting said Mr. Bush cited the policy as an example of the sort of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of such covert actions as this month 's futile effort to oust Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega .
( In 1981 , before the bust , the rig count was above 4,000 . )
The company said it believes the suit is without merit .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate `` as a hoped-for goal '' of Telerate 's management `` and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . ''
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued .
The nagging memory of one afternoon fourteen years ago drove Jim Gideon , a lean 36-year-old righthander to take a four-month leave from selling insurance in Texas to try out for Mr. Weaver 's team .
The dollar finished softer yesterday , tilted lower by continued concern about the stock market .
The Qintex Australia spokesman added that his company had opposed the Chapter 11 filing .
Nevertheless , Oregon Sen. Bob Packwood , the ranking GOP member on the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , last night introduced his plan as an amendment to a pending measure authorizing U.S. aid for Poland and Hungary .
Credit Agricole asked a Milan court to sequester the Nuovo Banco shares , the Italian news agency ANSA reported .
For instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market .
Life insurers fared similarly , with Legal & General advancing 3 to 344 , although Prudential fell 2 to 184 1\/2 .
In 1960 , for example , when Mr. Noriega was both a cadet at an elite military academy in Peru and a spy-in-training for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency , he was detained by Lima authorities for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute , according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period .
IBM , which telegraphed the poor results three weeks ago , also cited an increase in its leasing business , which tends to lock in business long-term but cut revenue in the near term .
During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the
Daffynition
But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs , and would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny , Ways and Means members argued .
And lawmakers are putting the finishing touches on a compromise that would give the Air Force nearly all of the $ 2.4 billion it wants for production of Northrop Corp. 's radar-eluding B-2 bombers , which cost $ 530 million apiece .
Two steps are necessary to translate this idea into action .
The Fed also has the power to set margin requirements .
Under a 1981 Missouri law , persons accused of some crimes , including trespassing , may offer a defense that their actions were justified `` as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury . ''
Often , Mr. Dinkins 's procrastination prevented him from having a say in the way things turned out , critics claim .
The FASB since then has issued 102 rules , and some still rile industry .
Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm .
Neither Mr. Addison nor any other Southern Co. official has been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the current inquiries .
That 's a finding of a new study of the Justice Department by researchers at Syracuse University .
Kerr-McGee Corp. said it will spend $ 42 million to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County , Nev. , from Henderson , Nev .
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) --
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that .
In the affidavits , Mr. Peters says he was `` shocked '' when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them .
In addition , each note can be converted into Blockbuster Entertainment common stock at a rate of 13.851 shares per note .
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading Friday , Enfield closed at C$ 6.75 , down 37.5 cents .
It appears that the only thing Congress is learning from the HUD story is how to enlarge its control of the honey pot going to special interests .
Closed End Bond Funds
He earned a master 's degree in architecture from Yale .
`` The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along , '' says Ambler Moss , a former Ambassador to Panama .
Amtrak said it suspended train service into its Oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake .
The Whitbread spirits auction `` is an extremely interesting development ... and naturally we 'll be considering it carefully , '' a Grand Met spokesman said .
Atsushi Muramatsu , Nissan 's executive vice president for finance , helped set the tone in December 1986 , when the company was heading toward the first operating loss by a Japanese auto maker since the nation 's postwar recovery .
Imports of goods and services soared , while exports were flat .
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week .
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
During an economic slump , local tax revenues often go down , raising the risks associated with at least some municipals .
Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . ''
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown .
He added that shops will have to continue reducing their stocks of liquor and avoid displaying them too prominently in the window .
But the Soviets also are insisting that they will reserve the right to withdraw from the completed strategic-arms treaty later on if the U.S. does SDI testing or deployment that the Soviets think violates the existing anti-ballistic-missile treaty .
And our action today will allow Gulf Power to avoid prolonged , distracting legal proceedings . ''
MTV used one to give away the house that rock star Jon Bon Jovi grew up in .
`` Sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . ''
A bunch of tans and bathing suits posing as lovable lifeguards .
The S&P 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies .
The two companies each produce market pulp , containerboard and white paper .
Fees 1 7\/8 .
`` Most want cardiovascular conditioning ... the No. 1 way of reducing risk of heart disease . ''
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said .
Martin Marietta Corp. said it won a $ 38.2 million contract from the U.S. Postal Service to manufacture and install automated mail-sorting machines .
Dealers suggest that the only positive news on the horizon that could detract attention from equities transactions is September 's U.S. consumer price data .
Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom .
After all , gold prices usually soar when inflation is high .
A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods and services the economy produced .
Prices are moving up and down so fast because investors are employing ways to turn over shares at ever-faster rates and increasingly acting in concert .
Net sales of stock funds in September totaled $ 839.4 million , down from $ 1.1 billion in August , the institute said .
Wafaa El-Sadr , who heads the AIDS program at New York City 's Harlem Hospital Center , ca n't find help .
Tele-Communications , the U.S. 's largest cable company , said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment .
Authorities in Hawaii said the wreckage of a missing commuter plane with 20 people aboard was spotted in a remote valley on the island of Molokai .
In the midst of the current turmoil , Saatchi is attempting to shore up its ad businesses .
Ralph Shattuck , publisher of Foreclosure Update newsletter , said foreclosures have climbed to about 1,482 a month just in Maricopa County , where Phoenix is located .
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .
( Mr. O'Dwyer is now one of the lawyers for Mr. Sutton 's media company . )
What has jolted many junk buyers is the sudden realization that junk bonds can not necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of common stocks and many investment-grade bonds .
And it reminds Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. , of what he calls `` DeVoe 's Unprovable but Highly Probable Theory No. 1 :
Edward Carlson awoke one morning last month to find eight holes in his front yard where his prized miniature palms , called cycads , once stood .
Buddy Young , president , said the company expects to conclude negotiations with other creditors within 60 days .
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates .
First Boston 's estimates had been higher before management supplied a 1989 projection .
At 12:01 a.m. EST today , the federal government 's temporary $ 2.87 trillion debt limit expired .
Executives of the two agencies could n't be reached last night .
William A. Wise , 44 years old , president of the El Paso Natural Gas Co. unit of this energy and natural-resources concern , was named to the additional post of chief executive officer , succeeding Travis H. Petty , 61 , who continues as a vice chairman of the parent .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Armstrong expects to close the sale of the color unit in late November and the carpet sale in December , with the gains to be applied to fourth quarter or first-quarter results .
Ground batteries , targeting an odd assortment of aircraft traveling at highly unusual speeds , opened up a furious fusillade .
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19\/32 , up 2\/32 .
The consumer agency also disputed Newmark & Lewis 's continuing strategy of advertising `` new lower prices '' when allgedly there have n't been price reductions since June 1 .
`` There 's a revolution ahead of us that will ultimately change the way we market and distribute steel , '' says William Dennis , vice president , manufacturing and technology , for the American Iron Ore and Steel Institute .
Lep Group PLC of Britain , which holds a 62.42 % stake in Profit Systems Inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having `` active control '' of the company .
That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago , but Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August and September .
In a statement , Ralph S. Larsen , chairman and chief executive officer , said the company was pleased with its third-quarter sales performance , `` especially in light of the extremely competitive environment in domestic consumer markets and the negative impact of unfavorable exchange rates this quarter . ''
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , where the Energy Department tests and conducts research on nuclear weapons , had only `` superficial damage , '' a spokesman said .
With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , Christina Haag as Celimene and , especially , William Brown as a Philinte who plays the Hollywood game but harbors authentic values and feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance and wit .
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association , they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year .
The only industry group to show a gain from the industrial average 's record high on Oct. 9 is restaurants .
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators .
Mr. Dorfman provides confirming evidence of this phenomenon when he reports that your staff of dart throwers would have accumulated only $ 112,383 by randomly selecting four new stocks to be held in a portfolio each month .
SsangYong , which has only about 3 % of the domestic market , will sell about 18,000 of its models this year , twice as many as last year .
Federal examiner Alex Barabolak said Lincoln 's operations amounted to `` pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . ''
Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence .
The company has spent some $ 5 billion over the past 3 1\/2 years to buy back 42 million common shares , or roughly 7 % of those outstanding .
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders .
But the chairman and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline was n't imposed on the White House by a meddling Congress .
Darkness fell .
The warrants may be exercised until 90 days after their issue date .
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid .
The disaster fund is replenished by loan repayments .
The Old Crowd is deeply concerned by the backlash from all this .
The investment is worth about $ 130 today .
The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service .
He also says he is losing money now .
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago .
`` What 's he doing ? '' hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white .
The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company .
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company .
HUD officials said they will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses that are under HUD loans but now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound .
The account had been at Della Femina McNamee WCRS , New York .
But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well .
His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho-Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition .
Supporters acknowledge that the process aims to manipulate , but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics .
Ford Aerospace & Communications Corp. , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , was awarded a $ 15.9 million Air Force contract for computer improvements .
The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million , Banc One said .
Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older .
Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes .
The current distribution arrangement ends in March 1990 , although Delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to National Medical , the spokeswoman said .
To watch your child die is an inhuman experience . ''
New Jersey Bell awaits state clearance .
Reflecting the impact of lower semiconductor prices and cuts in defense spending , Texas Instruments Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 31 % and sales dropped slightly from a year earlier .
The biggest foreign inroads , though , have been made by bourbon .
The ordinance , in Moon Township , prohibits locating a group home for the handicapped within a mile of another such facility .
One senior vice president at Bechtel said he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay .
Mitsubishi Trust & Banking Corp . ( Japan ) -- 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with a fixed 0.75 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland .
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today .
Revenue rose 11 % , to $ 8 billion from $ 7.2 billion .
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings .
Royal Business Group Inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging Realist Inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' Royal from acquiring Realist .
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .
That purchase represented an attempt by Whitbread , a venerable British brewer , to become a major player in the global liquor business .
Analysts expect the prices of live cattle futures contracts to rise in trading today in the wake of a government quarterly census that found fewer-than-expected cattle on feedlots .
For the first nine months of the year , Dow earned $ 2.06 billion , or $ 11.41 a share , up 17 % from $ 1.76 billion , or $ 9.32 a share , a year ago .
He left a message accusing Mr. Darman of selling out .
Second in command from 1979 to 1984 , Mrs. Verne told a Paris court that the `` great disorder '' that reigned at the agency led her into temptation .
You ca n't rely now solely on consumer spending to sustain the economy on a solid growth path , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist at Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh .
In a convertible mortgage , the investor lends the building owner a certain amount in return for the option to convert its interest into equity , usually less than 50 % , at the end of the loan term .
Median family income was $ 32,191 , down 0.2 % .
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts .
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices .
Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12 % .
In addition to the $ 8 million for Citicorp and Chase , Salomon Brothers is also owed $ 3 million for promising to make a $ 200 million bridge loan .
During the past three weeks , for example , Drexel has sold $ 1.3 billion of new junk bonds for Turner Broadcasting Co. , Uniroyal Chemical , Continental Air and Duff & Phelps .
In charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. , the SEC alleged that Venture Capitalists Inc. , Venture Finance Corp. and New Ventures Fund Inc. , all of Charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents .
In Pennsylvania , small businesses are pushing for a voluntary alternative ; they favor a commission that would develop sample leave policies that employers could adopt .
He is a politician with the courage of true conviction , as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40 % .
Estimated volume was a light 2.4 million ounces .
The long-running scandal surrounding the 1982 collapse of Banco Ambrosiano was reignited by the arrest last week of Rome businessman Flavio Carboni on fraud charges .
The wind , stinging with sand , never seems to stop .
But despite mounting recession fears , government data do n't yet show the economy grinding to a halt .
The curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15 % of Jaguar shares without permission .
In the cornucopia of go-go apples , the Fuji 's track record stands out : During the past 15 years , it has gone from almost zilch to some 50 % of Japan 's market .
The market for system-management software for Digital 's hardware is fragmented enough that a giant such as Computer Associates should do well there .
`` It 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says Richard Posner , executive vice president for Credit Exchange Inc. , a leading credit service .
Adds Candice Ohlman , the 35-year-old masseuse who plies her trade in the Grand Rapids office , `` They fall in love with my hands . ''
BNL , which is controlled by the Italian Treasury , was rocked by the disclosure last month that its Atlanta branch extended more than $ 3 billion in unauthorized credits to Iraq .
`` Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York .
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time .
`` Cincinnati Gas & Electric is in good shape , '' Mr. Taft said , and utilities are `` a good investment because interest rates are going down . ''
When he later sided with striking hospital workers , some allies cringed a little more , concerned that Mr. Dinkins was setting the wrong tone for coming contract negotiations with city employees .
The suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition .
It adds that births were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely .
Such people also typically hold negative attitudes toward the physically handicapped , the poor , blacks and women .
`` They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , '' Mr. Hoyt said .
For the first time since the 1987 crash , traders said that they were able to trade several hundred S&P 500 contracts at a time in a highly liquid market .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said a computer virus has infected one of its networks and is spreading anti-nuclear messages related to its Galileo space probe , which is to be launched today .
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume .
And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income .
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 .
It 's already that in the Bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue .
Others , like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , which has eight offices in the San Francisco area , set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help .
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant .
Last week 's output fell 1.7 % from the 1,848,000 tons produced a year earlier .
As a result , the officials said they are open to making a variety of deals with Senate Democrats to win their support for a capital-gains tax cut .
Sales for the nine months were up 8 % to $ 5.44 billion from $ 5.04 billion in the same period in 1988 .
We have a better idea : Dismantle HUD to pay for the war on drugs .
Perhaps most striking , 35 % of households headed by people aged 18 to 44 have at least one foreign car .
Weyerhaeuser Co. said it sold its wall-paneling business to an affiliate of one of Indonesia 's largest wood-products firms .
Other venture capitalists are already there : MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates , New York ; Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. , Boston ; and San Francisco 's Hambrecht & Quist have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies .
Mitchell will get a half-interest in the oil .
Worse , every week it suffers audience drop-off from `` Murphy Brown '' and viewership on CBS picks up again once `` Teddy Z '' is over and is followed by `` Designing Women . ''
Baseball ai n't football , where the good teams beat up on the bad ones .
The 8 ft. hedges which obstruct views in and out of small ` rooms ' insure ... that this garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime . ''
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . ''
There ca n't be an older baseball fan alive who does n't clearly remember that Bobby Thomson homer , who ca n't tell you where he was when he heard the famous Russ Hodges radio broadcast -- the one that concluded with Mr. Hodges shouting , over and over , `` The Giants win the pennant , the Giants win the pennant ! ''
Rather , they tend to have a set of two or three favorites .
British Airways , a member of the group that had offered $ 300 a share for UAL in a leveraged buy-out , said it had yet to receive a revised proposal and it was `` in no way committed '' to the completion of a bid .
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently .
But in 1988 , it ran into a buzz saw : a Defense Department spending freeze .
By yesterday morning , much of the world was still unable to reach San Francisco by telephone .
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million .
So far , though , there have been no allegations that the contributions the LDP members received amounted to bribes .
Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive ( the order was n't carried out ) , and the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias and other players .
Under the proposed agreement , Gold Texas holders will receive 1.43 Crown shares for each of the 1.1 million Gold Texas shares not owned by Crown , which already owns 65 % .
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute .
For the nine months , the mining company posted a 40 % drop in profit to $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , from $ 50.6 million , or 52 cents a share , on a 6 % rise in revenue to $ 323.2 million from $ 305.7 million .
Fed officials appear reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said .
Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment .
`` That obviously means that we wo n't have enough for all of the emergencies that are now facing us , and we will have to consider appropriate requests for follow-on funding , '' Mr. Fitzwater said .
`` There is n't a boatload { of big investors } out there still waiting to get into indexing , '' says P. James Kartalia , vice president of ANB Investment Management Co. , Chicago , which offers both indexing and active management services .
Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison .
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs .
I 'll admit there 's nothing wrong That I ever do find , But it 's nice when people say I appear mechanically inclined .
They 're looking for something that 's very safe . ''
`` We 've been putting in long hours , '' Mr. Ramirez says -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months .
The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion .
Where 's this huge amount of investment capital coming from ?
For one , Axa plans to do away with certain tax credits that have resulted in more than $ 600 million paid to the Farmers exchanges during the past few years to offset underwriting losses .
Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance .
The proposed purchase requires approval from Investment Canada , which monitors large foreign investments in Canada .
Mr. Checchi 's purchase of NWA , Mr. Batchelder notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 85 % of the purchase price .
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding .
Fluor Corp. , a construction engineering firm , gained 75 cents to $ 33.375 .
Now shifting his scene from the country he left at five to the England he has lived in for nearly 30 years , he has fashioned a novel in the mode of Henry James and E.M. Forster .
Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece , where it is projected at 14.25 % , and Portugal , at 13 % .
Mr. Peladeau says he is n't trying to catch up to Donnelley , which has annual sales of over $ 3 billion .
Investors lack equal access to the markets ' trading arena and its information .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
As a result of their illness , the Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million in wages and earnings .
Under the original proposal , the maker of specialty coatings and a developer of information-display technologies offered $ 400 of notes due 1996 , 10 common shares and $ 175 in cash for each $ 1,000 face amount .
A licensed government intellectual , Francis Fukuyama , recently announced in The National Interest that history is , so to speak , at an end since the course of human progress has now culminated in the glorious full stop of American civilization .
Revenue last year increased by more than 11 % over 1988 , and net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $ 900 million .
Now , we regard this as a largely phony issue , but the `` long term '' is nonetheless a big salon topic all around the Beltway .
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 .
In addition , he says , `` longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of repayments and the accompanying payment burden . ''
Cancer patients needing prolonged radiation therapy , diabetics learning to manage their blood sugar levels , and cardiac bypass patients are among those who spend time on cooperative-care units .
-- Freshman football player .
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said .
The award exercises a Navy option to extend a contract given in 1984 .
Stock-index arbitrage -- the computer-guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .
The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation , which bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt , increased 11 % in fiscal 1989 to $ 926.1 million from $ 833.6 million .
Recent data from New York City provide more of the picture .
His rhetoric gathered momentum as he rolled into office , affirming his `` firm support of our cause '' during an anti-abortion rally three days after his inauguration last January .
So what does consensus mean ?
When U.S. trading began , Treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single-family homes fell 14 % in September .
The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon .
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research .
PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share , to $ 5.10 .
All $ 3.35 billion in debt for the deal was supplied by banks .
Ad Notes ... .
Mr. Bond indicated the consolidated debt figures , which include debt of units such as Bell Group Ltd. , will be published soon in Bond Corp. 's 1989 annual accounts .
Investors will develop `` thicker skins , '' and their confidence will return , he says .
A month ago , a similar survey predicted the dollar would be trading at 1.8690 marks and 139.75 yen by the end of October .
`` The name Classic Coke has tremendous value , and they have n't merchandised that name before , '' says Jesse Meyers , publisher of the trade journal Beverage Digest .
Some traders said the sell-off of technology stocks on low volume reflected a lack of conviction by investors .
What loyalty there is to gas brands , he believes , is a matter of stopping at the most conveniently located service stations .
Federal Reserve officials sent another signal of their determination to shore up investor confidence .
In fiscal 1989 , P&G earned $ 3.56 a share , adjusted for the stock split .
Ms. Bogart does better with music than with words when she wants , as she so often does want , to express herself through Gorky 's helpless play .
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self-congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped .
USX Corp. declined a United Steelworkers request for a reopening of its four-year labor contract that is due to expire Jan. 31 , 1991 .
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins .
Metropolitan Life ad executives could n't be reached about the use of the Peanuts characters by others .
Now it is their fellow Turks arriving as refugees from Bulgaria .
During the first hour of trading yesterday , prices fell as much as 1\/4 point , or down about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Massachusetts Attorney General James Shannon , opposing the license , said he will appeal the ruling in federal court .
`` One of the hardest things to do is to buy stocks when the market is down , '' he says .
BANKAMERICA Corp. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue of $ 10.2 billion , NYSE , yesterday had no power at its headquarters , 80 of its 433 Northern California branches were closed and 250 of 750 automatic teller machines were closed in the area .
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis .
General equity funds fell an average of 2.35 % in the week ended Thursday , compared with a 2.32 % slide for the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .
As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation and again chose CSC .
Thousands remained homeless .
While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want . ''
Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group .
But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled .
The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake .
They note that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush , one of them featuring the First Dog , Millie .
But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years .
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says .
The state attorney general 's office is investigating rental car agencies charging noticeably higher prices .
Apparently the officials did n't even know the mural was missing until 1980 , when a researcher found that the painting was in Mr. Hoelzer 's studio and questioned school officials about it .
Using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , the system splits the image it `` sees '' into 20 digital representations , each processed by one chip .
The farmers stayed angry .
Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit .
Instead , network officials say , it may `` counterprogram '' with shows for an audience that is virtually ignored in that time period : adults .
The two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the Fed are high employment and rapid real growth .
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 .
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control .
Those who can shake Keynesian ghosts out of their heads might recognize that the retirement of gilts for cash is equivalent to an expansionary open-market operation , indeed , it is the definition of an open market operation to expand the money supply .
`` There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , '' he says .
But he is n't worried .
The truck sales slowdown reflects the general slowing in sales of consumer goods , he said , and the latest reports show a slight improvement rather than any indication of a downward spiral .
Bally bought the former MGM Grand hotel-casino from Kirk Kerkorian four years ago .
Meanwhile , his big losses , for instance in 1987 's crash , generally have been trading losses .
If no margin agreed , there is a fallback rate of Libor plus 0.75 point in years one to 15 , and Libor plus 1.25 point thereafter .
Economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9 % , where it had been since July , to about 8 3\/4 % in early October on the heels of a weak employment report .
Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper .
Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty ( and , if so , to whom ) ?
And Oranjemund boasts attractions besides diamonds .
Jack Greenberg , executive vice president and chief financial officer of McDonald 's , says the company does n't compute , much less disclose , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales .
Perhaps the biggest challenge , however , will be to prevent a return to its former corporate rigidity as its recovery continues .
The elections will be held in different states on one of the two days .
Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services unit said it cut off Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley , Oppenheimer and General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit .
We 're sorry to report that on Monday President Bush accepted the resignation of William Allen as chairman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission .
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing .
The decline surprised analysts and jolted HomeFed 's stock , which lost 8.6 % of its value , closing at $ 38.50 on the New York Stock Exchange , down $ 3.625 .
In fact , he liberated the U.S. from one of the world 's most corrupt organizations -- UNESCO .
But David N. McCammon , vice president , finance , insisted that cost-cutting and tight production capacity will make results `` better in this downturn than in prior downturns , '' when Ford had net losses .
Analysts predict the sales impact will linger .
AT&T said the special retirement option will increase fourth-quarter expenses .
In a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office , which both are arms of Congress , advised the new S&L bailout agency to abandon plans to raise temporary working capital through debt issued from an agency that would n't be counted on the federal budget .
The 35-member Sinfonia played adroitly with a big , lush sound that belied its size .
Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % .
`` There can be no question of us unilaterally abandoning the armed struggle , '' he said . ``
In the past two years , the desert behind them has become a land of mass executions and utter anarchy , where , due to Mr. Barre 's brutality and ineptitude , nobody is any longer in control .
The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there .
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . ''
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ) .
Procter & Gamble Co. , helped by a gain from a lawsuit settlement and continued growth overseas , posted a 38 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income .
Statistics Canada said service-industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July .
Ad Notes ... .
London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals .
With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings , `` it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching , '' says Mr. Appel .
The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill that is affiliated with the producing mill .
Mr. Drabinsky could n't be reached for comment .
In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million .
Although its palatial residence was destroyed by bombs during World War II , the Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history is still recalled by the city park and a street bearing the Rothschild name .
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
A serious charge -- that star flanker Irving Fryar `` threw '' the 1984 Orange Bowl game by intentionally dropping a pass in the end zone -- is included , even though the Nebraska assistant coach quoted denied making it .
Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos ; I 'd take baseball 's Flying Scot without hesitation . ''
Aer Rianta already has so many ventures with Aeroflot that its chief executive is studying Russian .
David Evans , who last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. `` for personal reasons '' just as the company filed for bankruptcy-law protection , has been temporarily reappointed to both positions , the company said .
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again .
`` That must start with cutting the federal budget deficit . ''
But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson .
So it 's difficult to swallow the notion that Mr. Baker is willing to accept conditions that would help the Khmer Rouge set up shop again in Phnom Penh .
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas .
But I do n't think we 're at that point yet . ''
It could lose some of its dynamism , '' says Mr. Mushkat , a director of Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. , a unit of Britain 's Barings PLC . ``
What is dignity ?
But the 3090 line is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 1990 .
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself .
Moreover , he notes that analyzing financial results `` poses a problem for a salesman who is n't particularly familiar with a balance sheet . ''
`` What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , '' he says .
Its revenue totaled $ 184.4 million , an increase of 172 % from $ 67.8 million a year ago .
Unease is widespread among exchange members .
Art indexes track winners , not losers .
It sank further to as low as $ 145 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday .
Hewlett-Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice-processing systems .
`` There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . ''
The commission 's filing in that case challenges Connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges .
`` In a downward market , bonds act better , '' he said .
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors .
The reductions should be complete by the end of the year , a spokesman said , adding that the exact number to be cut has n't been determined .
British , West German , Scandinavian and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the San Francisco earthquake disaster .
But Brooks was unable to reach a coin-cleaning agreement with the government .
Revenue was flat at about $ 2.97 billion .
General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments , an earnings recovery in submarine operations , and higher military aircraft sales .
But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species .
While he has bought and sold some USAir shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to unload his holding .
Westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 2.5 % range in the early 1990s .
After talking on and off for the past four weeks , Mr. Roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a terrific opportunity , and I think I leave the company in very strong hands .
Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand .
No replacement was immediately named .
Such fervor for cycling helped Mr. Sinyard build a creative company at the forefront of its industry .
( It is , however , possible , that further study will reveal increasing bias . )
When Democrats refused to budge , pro-life Republicans met at the White House with Chief of Staff John Sununu on Monday , and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto .
Even least-cost environmental solutions will require billions of dollars .
The bill would thwart a recent Labor Department opinion that investing individual-retirement-account funds to earn free checking violates the law .
Other active stocks included Jaguar , whose American depositary receipts added 1\/8 to 11 1\/4 .
Millicom Inc. , offering of $ 60 million subordinated exchangeable debentures , via Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc .
In composite trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange , Financial Corp. closed at $ 1.125 , unchanged .
Revenue jumped nearly 17 % to $ 223.3 million from $ 191.4 million .
`` On occasion , he paid a high price , '' Mr. Wachter concedes , but he says those who bid less and dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors .
Declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outpaced advancers , 1,012 to 501 .
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .
I remembered how hard it was for an outsider to become accepted by long-established , stake-holding residents , and what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies that were long accustomed to unchanging , `` safe '' ways of thought and action .
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation 's banking system .
Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added : `` You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it .
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing .
The remaining 51 % of the joint venture will be controlled by Polish lubricants manufacturers , refiners and technical institutes .
Louise McNamee , Della Femina 's president , will continue running the U.S. agency day-to-day .
China 's People 's Daily took note of the growing problem of computer fraud .
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election .
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick .
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy Cleveland Consulting Associates from Saatchi & Saatchi
Mortgage securities gained 3\/32 to 9\/32 point after a hectic session , with Government National Mortgage Association 8 % securities as the standout issue .
`` A number of us are not going to touch capital gains , IRAs or anything else unless it contributes to deficit-reduction , '' said Sen. Charles Robb ( D. , Va. ) , who is one of the 10 to 20 Democrats who the Bush administration believes might favor giving preferential treatment to capital gains .
`` We recognized the problem and took care of it . ''
a nun raising some lovable orphans .
`` The Thief and the Dogs '' is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , but it is likely to disappoint Western readers .
Along the way there also are lots of romantic dalliances .
`` This will prevent a slide in industrial production , which will otherwise cause new panic buyings , '' the spokesman said .
A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money than Poland can spare , although a smokehouse or a local dairy can spring up fast .
But the compounded effects of `` seniors only '' taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates .
Other , smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- Hawaiian tourists , for example , or the local trade .
VLSI TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of semiconductor products , annual sales $ 171.9 million , OTC , minimal damage to facilities , no injuries , expected operations to return to normal late yesterday .
Most of the 300 employees at the oil company 's midtown headquarters building -- including much of senior management -- were unaware of the plan until informed at a morning meeting by Chairman Lawrence G. Rawl .
The paper gave no details of what the restrictions would entail but said the measures were necessary to protect the domestic market .
Focusing on beer , restaurants and hotels means `` we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively , '' Peter Jarvis , Whitbread 's managing director , said in a statement .
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 `` associates . ''
West German government bonds fell as much as 0.60 point in light , nervous trading .
The House , meanwhile , approved $ 2.85 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase .
MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move .
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger .
`` The supply is not a constraint to the market , '' said Samuel Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc .
TW is the largest franchisee of Hardee 's , a fast-food restaurant , and operates several other food chains .
Further expansion into southern Europe is also possible , says Mr. Bell , the spokesman .
BPCA President and CEO David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall that could `` be significantly more visually permeable . ''
One slot is expected to go to EEOC Chairman Clarence Thomas , a black conservative ; after mulling a fight , liberals now probably wo n't put up a major struggle against him .
Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co. named Masahiro Dozen president .
For Aetna and other insurers , the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched .
Ironically , Caltrans this year began working on a second round of seismic reinforcements of freeways around the state , this time wrapping freeway columns in `` steel blankets '' to reinforce them .
Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987 , a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. in 1986 .
The Communications Workers of America , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year .
The trust is n't commenting on when it might need to liquefy its Manville stock .
Wellcome PLC , a major British pharmaceutical maker , sells the drug under the name Retrovir .
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
NOVEMBER BALLOTS will contain few referendum or initiative issues that especially affect small business .
Ethicist Michael Josephson , in one of his institute 's recent publications on `` Journalism : In the Year 2000 '' :
If excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer .
`` The success of a new product in the database line is needed .
The filing was partly the result of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall in LTV 's three pension plans operated for its LTV Steel Co. subsidiary 's employees .
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects .
BellSouth
International Paper dropped 5\/8 to 51 , Georgia-Pacific fell 1 3\/4 to 56 1\/4 , Stone Container tumbled 1 1\/2 to 26 5\/8 , Great Northern Nekoosa went down 5\/8 to 38 3\/8 and Weyerhaeuser lost 7\/8 to 28 1\/8 .
Among the leading products is a flu shot for horses .
Mr. Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now .
The new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from Switzerland 's Cardinal brewery .
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80-plus , '' he says .
The move by the financial information and services subsidiary of Citicorp is a `` response to changing conditions in the retail securities industry , which has been contracting '' since October 1987 's stock market crash , the executive added .
Though I agree with many of Mr. Kageyama 's comments , I believe he points the gun in the wrong direction : It is n't the Americans who must be criticized for not understanding the Japanese culture , but the Japanese who insist on forcing their culture on Americans .
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries .
`` Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday , '' he said .
Net was aided by a lower income tax rate .
Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models , so some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year while Renaissance has sat on the sidelines .
Because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee , the Ex-Im Bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the House and Senate Banking committees .
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members .
Company lawyers recently sent letters to growers saying that Michael `` would take very seriously any effort ... to divert its contracted-for potatoes to other outlets . ''
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line .
The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion `` establishment '' meetings , of which I have attended many .
Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville , Spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger .
Moreover , an aide to Mr. Brown said Gov. Deukmejian `` has expressed a desire not to spend all the reserve on this . ''
CREATIVE ACCOUNTING , mostly by conglomerates , forced CPAs to change their way of setting standards to be followed by corporations reporting financial results , standards that had become all too flexible .
Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; trucks rumble along the dusty roads and burly men in hard hats sweat and swear through the afternoon sun .
He said Sassy will keep its irreverent tone , but added , `` We will keep a close watch on the editorial content of the magazine . ''
Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency .
Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker : `` Wanted : one people . ''
New York-based RJR Nabisco would n't say what it spends annually , but industry executives say it will spend more than $ 140 million this year , down from about $ 200 million last year .
Penn Central Corp. , Cincinnati , said it agreed in principle to acquire Noranda Inc. 's Carol Cable Co. unit for $ 177 million .
`` With Notes , they 're visually distinct .
Sun posted a gain .
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
The bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required .
First , by making management focus on short-term results , they inhibit building for the future -- just the opposite of Japan .
`` From the standpoint of being on the forefront of technology , this is a step backward , '' said Jerry W. Sprecher , a senior computing manager for the California state university system .
Naomi Bernhard Levinson , a fine-arts appraiser at Bernhard Associates in San Francisco , considers it `` definite conflict of interest for an auction house to both advise a client on purchases and to set price estimates on the paintings to be purchased . ''
Still , Radio Shack is aware that some of its products are controversial .
First , a pop quiz .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.48 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days .
`` Other people are making it overnight , and the rest who toil daily do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along . ''
MAITRE'D CLAIMS in suit that restaurant fired her because she was pregnant .
The Republicans contend that they can garner a majority in the 100-member Senate for a capital-gains tax cut .
However , he added , such event-driven trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information .
Now many Republicans are listening .
Yet even today , institutions are quietly practicing forms of portfolio insurance by nervously rushing to and fro in the markets .
BankAmerica 's total loans rose 8 % to $ 71.36 billion .
Despite the narrowing of the monthly trade gap , economists expect the current account deficit for all of 1989 to swell to about # 20 billion from # 14.6 billion in 1988 .
Mr. Ortega announced on Friday that he would end the cease-fire this week in response to the periodic Contra assaults against his army .
Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long-deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome .
Mr. Auvil , razor sharp at 83 , has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples over the past 65 years .
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters .
At the weatherbeaten Pompano Beach municipal stadium , Mr. Blair , the 45-year-old former Oriole , knows his power is n't what it used to be .
Five of the six categories of weapons under negotiation have n't even been defined .
`` My name is judge , '' Judge O'Kicki told a car salesman in Ebensburg when he bought a new red Pontiac Sunbird in October 1984 , according to the grand-jury report .
The volume is well below the industry 's 4 % to 5 % growth rate of recent years , but in line with other soft-drink companies for the third quarter .
Both will report to Tim Breene , a former WCRS executive who will be chief executive officer at the new agency .
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever , Japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game .
Competitors and analysts say that among large existing properties Bally Manufacturing Corp. 's Bally Grand hotel-casino probably will be hardest hit among major properties .
Jacobs is an international engineering and construction concern .
The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents .
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion .
Of Douglas Woodward 's Honors Economics Class ,
Developers are also eyeing the real estate portfolios of major corporations .
Gordon Trimmer will succeed Mr. Haines as manager of Canadian operations , and Mr. Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said .
The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages .
The commercial , created by Bateman , Bryan & Galles Inc. , of Dallas , adds derisively : `` I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club . ''
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had .
Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it .
The bolstered cellular agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN Broadcasting Corp. carries heightened risks and could fail to fend off McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. , the rival suitor for LIN .
Based on yesterday 's closing price of the S&P , the average value of one day 's trading amounts to $ 7.6 billion .
While the proposal won a slight majority , the 51-48 vote was well short of the two-thirds needed to approve changes in the Constitution .
In a message read out at the rally , exiled ANC President Oliver Tambo , who ca n't legally be quoted in South Africa , said the country was at a crossroads and that Mr. de Klerk `` may yet earn a place among the peacemakers of our country '' if he chooses a `` path of genuine political settlement . ''
In contrast , he says , `` The stock market gained back only about half what it lost Friday , and the { government } bond market lost about half what it gained Friday . ''
While the agency has done well in many parts of the world , its flagship New York office has had a dismal track record recently ; it has won few new accounts while losing big ones , including Maxwell House .
One of their pastors has envisioned a `` new utopia '' of `` creative socialism . ''
Many investors give Michael Foods about as much chance of getting it together as Humpty Dumpty .
`` But in the end , top management decided to follow the voice of the younger generation . ''
Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily .
Meanwhile , settlement negotiations continue between Mr. Hunt and the IRS , which has already reached a tentative agreement with Nelson Bunker Hunt .
At 10:33 , when the S&P 500 December futures contract crunched to a 12-point loss under the force of sell programs , S&P futures trading was halted and program trades on the Big Board were routed into a special computer that scans for order imbalances .
Mr. Decker is about 45 years old .
Mr. Krenz , age 52 , is known as an old-guard ironfist , one likely to continue the method of running a country that the Berlin Wall made famous .
Fund selling also picked up at that point .
`` I think Bush 's going there is a helpful sign , '' said Sen. Terry Sanford ( D. , N.C . ) a member of the Foreign Relations Committee who pushed to provide Costa Rica about the same amount of aid as it received last year .
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG 's battlements .
Though modest , the change reaches beyond the oil patch , too .
The index is based on 1980 equaling 100 .
U.S. District Judge Robert P. Patterson Jr. ordered the FBI to immediately begin processing Herman Benjamin Ferguson 's request for documents stemming from the agency 's investigation of him during the 1960s .
Early in the day , bond dealers said trading volume was heavy as large institutional investors scrambled to buy long-term Treasury bonds on speculation that the stock market 's volatility would lead to a `` flight-to-quality '' rally .
Sales were $ 4.66 billion , up 1.3 % from $ 4.6 billion .
After 25 years in city politics , David Dinkins remains an enigma .
`` August is a month when people are paying school tuition , '' he said .
Dr. Marston , 66 years old , succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy .
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services .
Digital Equipment Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. , NEC Corp. and Group Bull , among others , have similar arrangements with MIPs , based in Sunnyvale , Calif .
`` I 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker .
The government ran a deficit of $ 6.16 billion in September , compared with a surplus of $ 10.17 billion in September 1988 .
The defendants could n't immediately be reached for comment .
Despite the initial support expected , trading in the contract is likely to start slowly .
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit .
The proposal to sell directly to the public remains mired in bureaucratic quicksand .
Yesterday , the company said the negative after-tax effect on earnings for the year will be about $ 3.3 million .
The initial coupon on the floating-rate notes will be 12.9375 % .
`` It 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says Dennis A. Sokol , president of Medical Service Partners Inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together .
His comments , made in response to reporters ' questions at the National Press Club here , signaled that Seoul is resisting U.S. pressure for a further rise in the currency 's value .
General Motors Corp. wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker .
Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers .
Showing Up in Court Without Being There
But the music has its charm , and Mr. Glass has constructed his solo program around a move from the simple to the relatively complex .
Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms after finding some contaminated by radiation , an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said .
For an investor paying tax at a 33 % rate , a seemingly puny 6 % yield on a one-year muni is equivalent to a taxable 9 % .
Was the man who once was pro-choice , but later pro-life , converting again ?
The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity at each other for weeks , and both Warner and Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business .
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector .
In addition , the agreement calls for Gilbert H. Lamphere , chairman of Prospect Group 's executive committee , to be named chairman of a restructured board that will include four new independent directors .
One East Coast manufacturing executive , faced with a job transfer his wife resented , found that counseling helped them both come to grips with the move .
One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a `` work in progress , '' such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is `` aware '' of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife .
But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly .
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C .
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.75 % in 2000 .
The cheapest , among 100 cities surveyed , was $ 5.11 in El Paso , Texas .
None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown 's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative .
Just clobbered , '' said Ulric Weil , an analyst at Weil & Associates who had once been high on the company .
Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home .
Under current copyright laws , it is considered `` fair use '' to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited .
A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7 % , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
In announcing the meeting yesterday , Mr. Bush told reporters at the White House that neither he nor Mr. Gorbachev expects any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
`` They 're out there promoting like crazy , trying to get prices up by promotion , '' said Roy Burry , an analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co .
Separately , attorneys for the 42 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets .
BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of debt refinancing , the recent acquisition of a cellular and paging property and rate reductions in its Southeast territory .
Investors in B.A.T have been on a roller coaster .
The company also said it continues to explore all options concerning the possible sale of National Aluminum 's 54.5 % stake in an aluminum smelter in Hawesville , Ky .
If Sex Is Involved , All Bets Are Off
William Coors is their uncle .
Owners , largely complacent in the past , are now almost desperately looking for ways to lower costs and raise revenue -- embracing some revolutionary ideas in the process .
France 's unemployment rate was steady at a seasonally adjusted 9.5 % in September , the Social Affairs Ministry said .
Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said .
Charles Lieberman , managing director of financial markets reasearch at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. , New York , said Hurrican Hugo shaved 0.1 % to 0.2 % from personal-income growth , because of greatly diminished rental income from tourism .
Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd . ( Japan ) -- $ 300 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1999 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 8.85 % less full fees annually , via Daiwa Europe Ltd .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
`` Graham Phillips has been there a long time , knows the culture well , is aggressive , and apparently gets along well with '' Mr. Sorrell , said Andrew Wallach , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert .
Attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago , when reports of an imminent agreement circulated .
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said .
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , New York Times closed at $ 28.125 a share , down 37.5 cents .
Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other `` interested parties '' on a joint proposal .
Black Males
Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations .
The company 's quarterly dividend had been 10 cents a share since April 30 , 1988 .
The stock tumbled 2 3\/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it ca n't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee , Boehringer Mannheim , over its anti-anemia drug , EPO .
The failure in Oakland of the freeway segment known as the Cypress structure was the deadliest aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 250 initially feared .
However , with airline stocks cratering , he might not get a very good price for his shares , traders say .
Mrs. Brown calls the modern-day cultural ambivalence to Filipino a `` language schizophrenia . ''
If you 're like most people , you said it 's a holding that goes completely sour -- maybe a bond that defaults or a stock whose value disappears in a bankruptcy proceeding .
American Home Products said sales and earnings for the third quarter and nine months were at record levels .
The real tragedy , though , lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances .
Previously it had proposed seven years of 5.5 % increases .
Another murderer on death row has appealed Mr. Simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity .
To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army or the Air Force and put more of the Navy and Marines under it .
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products .
The takeover mania also adds to volatility .
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 .
Despite fears the mine may be partially nationalized by the new Namibian government following next month 's elections freeing the country from South African control , De Beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's productive life for another 25 years , from the current estimate of 10 .
Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer , also resigned , the company said .
She was in her most radiant , expressive voice .
The fourth quarter is always IBM 's biggest by far , with most sales coming in December as customers seek to use budgets before year end .
Under the proposed plan , the fund would also lend Santa Fe Pacific Realty $ 75 million in the form of a note that would be convertible into additional shares of the realty company after the second year at the then-prevailing market price .
As for gold , she notes that it usually rises when the dollar is weak , as it has been lately .
A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco .
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close .
In any case , many franchisees , in order to stay on good terms with franchisers , routinely go along with promotions .
Most oil companies are still reluctant to add to the office and professional staffs they slashed so deeply .
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough .
This leads to proposals for `` reform '' of the Fed , which have the common feature of making the Fed more responsive to the administration , to the Congress and to public opinion -- without , however , any assumption of additional responsibility by the politicians .
In May , Rep. Don Edwards ( D. Calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard .
-- Bern Sharfman .
`` If any of us think we 're going to sidetrack David 's determination to be the best possible mayor because of his obligations to us , we are making a sad mistake . ''
Colgate , which acquired Helena Rubenstein in 1973 , sold the brand seven years later after the brand languished .
Although Daimler has said it is n't interested in mounting a bid for Jaguar , dealers said its name further underlined the growing interest in the British concern .
For one thing , the size of the affected market is enormous -- the European stock markets account for some 22.5 % of global stock market capitalization , with an estimated value of $ 2.175 trillion , according to Morgan Stanley Capital International .
Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last December .
Persuading tradition-bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry is n't likely to be so easy , analysts say .
Japan 's objections to the U.S. plan center around its desire to stay self-sufficient in rice , a staple food , even though foreign producers are far more efficient .
That is the conclusion of a report released by the New York State Bar Association .
Terms of the agreement were n't disclosed .
The new reports of sluggishness , which were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September , give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit and lower interest rates .
But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental .
One immediate source of money is an emergency fund set up by Gov. Deukmejian .
Ms. Malcolm had Mr. Masson describing himself as `` an intellectual gigolo . ''
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior .
Last month , in his boldest move yet , Mr. Andersson and Trelleborg joined forces with Canada 's Noranda Inc. in a joint $ 2 billion hostile takeover of another big Canadian mining concern , Falconbridge Ltd .
His remarks were distributed to the press before Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson announced his resignation last evening .
It takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type .
The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years .
Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal research group , said that Latin American countries would be `` profoundly disappointed '' if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS .
The Comex accused the 39-year-old Mr. Semel of `` fraudulent conduct '' and improper trading .
Perhaps in time the Supreme Court will correct them .
They increased the after-tax rate of return and made Britain a far more attractive place to invest , producing sudden capital inflows .
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness .
Some companies are confident that they 're prepared .
He says his team could n't tell whether accounts receivable had been paid or not .
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange said it fined Capcom Futures Inc. $ 500,000 and accepted its withdrawal from membership as part of a settlement of disciplinary actions against the firm .
At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept .
Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : It has billings of about $ 850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands .
But stay tuned .
Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively .
That Moscow , with its dilapidated economic machine , would try to sell high technology to Japan , one of the world 's high-tech leaders , sounds like a coals-to-Newcastle notion .
Bank Deposits : Currency , checking-account deposits , small savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , money-market fund shares .
There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon .
This week , New York City announced a 10-point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .
A congressional staffer involved in drafting the sanctions says they are likely to mirror those Mr. Bush enacted shortly after the massacre .
The South Atlantic States were the only region to report an increase in bankruptcies , up 5.3 % to 5,791 from 5,502 .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Florio Fiorini , managing director of Geneva-based Sasea , said the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating .
Mr. Stevens declined to give the specific contributions to the $ 50 million guarantee from each participant .
Sterling was trading at $ 1.5805 , down from $ 1.5820 late Monday .
Here 's a firsthand look at what the Japanese hosts sported , and what the foreign visitors saw .
-- `` Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts '' .
Sen. Bradley 's argument is that a capital-gains tax cut would be bad for the economy in the longer run .
And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a `` My Favorite Bureaucrat '' plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 .
And Tina Brown , editor of Conde Nast Publications Inc. 's Vanity Fair , said advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions in the back of her magazine to relieve ad clutter .
The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one -- or maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script , and Jonathan Kaplan 's ( `` The Accused '' ) dull direction .
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales .
On Friday , 13 % of volume was in computer-guided program trades .
Those chips were in dire shortage last year , hurting many U.S. computer companies that could n't get sufficient Japanese-supplied chips .
And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper .
Some of Mr. Peladeau 's ventures , including an earlier push into the U.S. market , have n't paid off on the bottom line .
Enserch said the tendered units will raise its ownership of the partnership to more than 99 % from 87 % .
Actually , `` we do n't get much negative publicity about this , '' he insists , `` except for the press who write about it . ''
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis .
From here out , these investors see a return to old-fashioned investing , based on a company 's ability to show profit growth .
Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors .
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task .
DHAWK :
`` My fastball is good .
-- Joshua Adams .
For years , he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms , wearing a hat to work because everyone else did .
Strong investor demand prompted the utility to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion .
In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer .
It was the possibility of this demand that helped firm prices , the analyst said .
`` I think the people will be judging the regime by a petty policeman , by a corrupt revenue collector .
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan 's financial titans .
Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads .
The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers , who watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally .
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles .
A Big Board spokesman would only say , `` We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue . ''
What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged a breathtaking 63.52 points in the first 40 minutes of trading Monday as stock-index arbitrage sell programs kicked in .
The other two options consist of swapping loans for bonds with 6.25 % interest rates , or providing fresh loans .
Above all , though , proponents say neither the Contra nor the SDI cause can be pushed much further without more presidential support .
A.P. Green currently has 2,664,098 shares outstanding .
Emigration applications soared in 1985 , when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong 's future .
The Jefferson Smurfit affiliate , Smurfit International B.V. , holds about 78 % of the shares outstanding .
It was agreed at the outset of the Washington Drug Initiative that the FBI 's role would be to continue targeting the major drug traffickers through our National Drug Strategy .
Although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says Stuart Reese , manager of Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's $ 17 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio .
Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money , an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- which understate the spending the Pentagon has committed itself to by almost $ 100 billion .
Currently , the company has about 88.1 million common shares outstanding .
YOU WENT to college and thought you got an education .
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor .
`` Everyone left , '' said Peter Lang , reservations manager of the Mark Hopkins Hotel .
Moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the GM-Toyota price , says Arnold Chase of Bozell Inc .
The upshot ?
I hope that you begin talking about the plan 's permanent and , in my view , most beneficial feature -- indexation .
The General Accounting Office estimates that 50 % of IRS audits do n't spot companies that fail to file the reports .
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall , chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision .
The note would accrue interest at the rate of 13.5 % a year , which would be payable to the fund after five years , according to Stephen E. Roulac , a real estate consultant working for the fund .
The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an `` organic '' society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation .
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons .
One executive said an accord signed by the unsecured creditors of L.J. Hooker Corp. had frozen in place all of L.J. Hooker 's assets .
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday .
Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co .
Vickers PLC , a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million ( $ 173.3 million ) for Ross Catherall Group PLC , a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics .
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal .
Still , Hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes .
These days , the secretary suffers the further disqualification that he is a member of a club of seven finance ministers who meet occasionally to decide what exchange rates should be , which is a diversion from the real business of the Federal Reserve to stabilize the price level .
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough .
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said .
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry-government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace .
The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees .
`` Do n't you think I ought to get a commission ... or part of your fee in this case ? '' Mr. Green said the judge asked him .
Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu .
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages .
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests , then experiment on animals .
Born in 1937 in a Baltic Sea town now part of Poland , he was eight years old when World War II ended .
And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are `` almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash . ''
For private-sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter .
You can , too , if you , like me , refuse to bite the bullet .
`` Japan has been a major importer of foreign information and news , '' says Mr. Shioya .
`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said .
The legal fight was the subject of a Wall Street Journal story yesterday .
The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $ 20 million on baseball this year .
`` It 's not beyond credibility the Rubens will someday be worth $ 12 million , but whether it could be sold for that amount tomorrow remains to be seen . ''
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes .
Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins .
He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics .
The agency noted that because of a strike by Finance Ministry personnel the provisional estimate does n't correspond exactly to the consumer price index usually published .
Per-share net rose to 62.04 yen from 51.50 yen .
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets .
Wayne Smith , an attorney at Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in Los Angeles representing Sony , said the Sony executives had n't seen the contract because `` it was n't relevant once Guber and Peters told them Warner would let them terminate it at any time . ''
In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share .
`` I always knew that the ` Big One ' was coming , but not during my lifetime , '' she says .
Peter Coors runs the Coors Brewing Co. unit , the nation 's fourth-largest brewery that accounted for $ 1.24 billion of Adolph Coors 's $ 1.52 billion in 1988 sales .
According to a spokesman , One Liberty will have paid out as dividends the required amount of its taxable income to maintain its legal status as a real estate investment trust .
National Intergroup Inc. said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter .
b - As of Thursday 's close .
The new S&L law allows the RTC to issue notes for as much as 85 % of the value of the assets it holds .
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 17.8 million in cash and $ 10 million in senior notes .
At the same time , last week 's consumer price index showed that inflation is moderating .
The adjacent tables show the Big Board and Amex issues in which a short interest position of at least 100,000 shares existed as of mid-October or in which there was a short position change of at least 50,000 shares since mid-September .
The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , and New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made and withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp .
The business is expected to have sales of about $ 100 million in 1990 , Grace said .
The Arab League pledged an accord for a complete Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon , where about 70,000 people marched to the headquarters of Christian leader Aoun to support his rejection of a peace plan approved Sunday by Lebanon 's legislature .
`` It 's so weird to have to decide what 's really important to you , '' said Barbara May .
Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media .
Now along comes Stephen Jay Gould to dash this flattering illusion .
I think they need creative leadership , and I do n't think they have it , '' said Emma Hill , an analyst with Wertheim & Co .
Confusion about the two banks ' hurried efforts to round up financing for a new bid that the UAL board has n't even seen yet helped send UAL stock spiraling downward .
Departing from decades of Soviet dogma , the new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment .
Kellogg surged 4 1\/4 to 75 .
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed .
Western Digital Corp. reported a net loss of $ 2.7 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 , citing factors as varied as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar .
Additionally , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million , or $ 1.04 a share .
One early user is NEC Corp. 's U.S. printer marketing arm .
In an interview a few months ago , he recalled how after some training at Salomon Brothers Inc. , he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell portions of 20 U.S. corporate bond issues .
The Federal Trade Commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring Imo Industries Inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the U.S. unit of the British company , United Scientific Holdings PLC , for $ 69 million .
Nancy Igdaloff , who works in corporate payments at Bank of America in San Francisco , may be a good prospect for such a gizmo .
Well , think twice .
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins .
The Soviet Union 's jobless rate is soaring to 27 % in some areas , Pravda said .
Most of Kidder 's program trading is for its own account , according to the New York Stock Exchange .
But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation .
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection . ''
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents .
The CBOE opened for business on April 26 , 1973 , in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom .
The offering , Series 104 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 % securities .
Although overall revenues were stronger , Mr. Schulman said , DEC `` drew down its European backlog '' and had flat world-wide orders overall .
Mr. Klein will work with Mr. Kroll on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions while the case is pending .
Caltrans reinforced the highway in 1977 as part of a $ 55 million statewide project , using steel cables to tie the decks of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from swaying in a quake .
Coke said it will test market a caffeine-free version of its flagship brand , Coca-Cola Classic , beginning next week in Charlotte , N.C .
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 .
Bosses have big ears these days .
`` The question is unanswerable at this point , '' she says .
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases .
Japan Air Lines , Lufthansa German Airlines and Air France reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year , a move that could further consolidate the industry .
That does n't appear to be the case in Singapore , a country of about three million people with a relatively high soft-drink consumption rate -- a key indicator of Coke 's success in a market .
`` I think this is a market that required some level of security .
The center , close to Hong Kong 's border with China , will be ready today and will be able to house 1,000 inmates , Police Deputy Director Peter Wong said .
Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in paints , auto finishes and industrial coatings .
But another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers .
The federal funds rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in the Fed 's credit policy .
Harken also said that its financing from Bankers Trust Co. has been extended until Dec. 15 to give Tesoro 's board time to consider the offer at a Tesoro board meeting scheduled for mid-November .
Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar , the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors , more than doubled .
Heidelberg 's first ads for the brand , which Sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader Amstel Light , feature the line `` The best tasting light beer you 've ever seen .
Gemina , which owns 13.26 % of Nuovo Banco , abstained in the final vote on Credit Agricole , which was nonetheless approved by a majority of shareholders .
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices .
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious .
Helped by futures-related program buying , the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 4.92 points to close at 2643.65 .
His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations .
Unisys has said that all of the company officials who participated in improper activities have left the company .
This happens because the FAA does n't have any rules on duty time for flight attendants ; by contrast , it strictly restricts duty time for pilots and air traffic controllers , usually to a maximum of 10 consecutive hours .
The conspiracy was part of an effort by Mr. Reed to hide FirstSouth 's shaky financial condition from federal regulators , according to federal prosecutors and regulators .
A lavish white portico with a stained-glass window towers over the brick wall surrounding his property .
Revenue slipped 0.7 % to $ 395.3 million from $ 398.3 million .
Homestake Mining Co. , San Francisco , blamed the continued slump in gold prices for an 83 % plunge in third-quarter net income to $ 2 million , or two cents a share , from $ 11.2 million , or 12 cents a share , a year earlier .
He paid an immense fine and was lucky , according to a local wag , to escape the gas chamber .
About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings .
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % .
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf .
The number includes such unstylish burgs as , well , Oakland .
Companies in the construction , engineering and building-products sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying .
First , he suggests , GPA Group Ltd. , the international aircraft leasing company based in Ireland , could lease some of its Boeing jetliners to the Soviet airline .
It was offered as an expression of cooperation to Mr. Gonzalez , who is investigating the $ 2.5 billion failure of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association .
According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks .
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .
Par also said it was advised by the U.S. attorney for Maryland that it is one of a number of companies being investigated by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act .
In today 's markets , specialists ( on the New York Stock Exchange ) and `` upstairs '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process .
Friday 's plunge , he is telling PaineWebber brokers , was nothing more than a `` tremendous reaction to leveraged buy-out stocks . ''
But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major contraction '' similar to those of 1974 and 1982 .
The space shuttle Atlantis boosted the Galileo spacecraft on its way to Jupiter , giving a big lift as well to an ambitious U.S. program of space exploration .
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . ''
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year .
While sterling bounced back from session lows in a bout of short-covering yesterday , foreign exchange dealers said that any hopes that the pound would soon post significant gains have evaporated .
The two sides had n't met since Oct. 18 .
It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography .
`` Step up to the plate and take the big swing .
Under a proposed two-step amalgamation involving share swaps , ABM Gold Corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. , United Gold Corp. and Inca Resources Inc .
The two sides have been far apart on how much Herbert Hunt will continue to owe the government after his assets are sold .
Mr. Wall relieved them of responsibility for supervising Lincoln in 1988 .
Mr. Marrie said the bank expects Arizona real-estate prices , which plummeted 40 % over the last year , to fall another 20 % before stabilizing .
He noted that two weeks ago there were rumors of Soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases , but the sales do n't seem to have materialized .
Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone , but the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete .
And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer .
I wonder when we 'll be able to relax .
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee .
For bankers and regulators , Arizona is looking more like Texas every day .
However a Qintex Australia spokesman said his firm had never `` promised or guaranteed '' to make the payment .
The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law , rather than federal law .
Yet , they are far and away the most prolific producers in Hollywood .
`` We were being overrun , '' says Steve Fiala , trails coordinator of the East Bay Regional Park District .
In fact , throughout `` Mancuso FBI , '' we do n't get words or lines -- we get speeches .
`` It now takes something really weird to inspire public outrage . ''
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results .
The only other endorsement permitted by the contract involves a series of Time-Life home improvement and repair books .
Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System , for example , has about $ 130 million invested in a fund of 244 companies that are either Pennsylvania-based or have 25 % of their work forces in the state .
Until Mr. Luzon took the helm last November , Banco Exterior was run by politicians who lacked either the skills or the will to introduce innovative changes .
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share .
It also announced an initial public offering of 18 % of its gas exploration and production subsidiary .
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty .
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening .
`` We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , '' says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman .
`` If it causes management to take their eye off the ball , inventory shrinkage is going to be affected , '' says Lewis Shealy , vice president for loss prevention at Marshall Field 's , the department store chain .
Black Females
Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier .
The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells .
Shell Canada , an oil and gas producer and marketer , is a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , an Anglo-Dutch concern .
Computer Associates has carved out a huge business selling such software for use in managing networks of International Business Machines Corp. computers but needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 30 % and more each year .
What to do ?
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
A lot of taxpayers out there are n't as paranoid as one might think .
`` The biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors , '' said Richard Godown , president of the Industrial Biotechnology Association .
But that does n't mean `` half of the students attending Berkeley '' will be admitted this way .
Besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal secrets and intelligence , the newspaper said , but it gave no more details .
By replacing the frame 's steel lugs with titanium ones , Mr. Sinyard 's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter .
`` It 's just not cost efficient , '' he says .
But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers .
Underscoring the size of the deficits of the past few years , the Treasury report showed that for the first time interest paid on the public debt -- $ 240.86 billion -- exceeded spending on Social Security , the single largest government program .
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 .
The company , which leases technology equipment , reported substantially lower net income for its fiscal first quarter , which ended Aug. 31 .
Warm winters over the past two years have trimmed demand , too , furriers complain .
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
Unisys dropped 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 after posting a third-quarter loss of $ 4.25 a share , including restructuring charges , but other important technology issues were mixed .
`` It 's a very small shop . ''
Much of the market 's recent volatility has been blamed on this large-scale computerized trading technique that can send stock prices surging or plummeting in a matter of minutes .
State officials said the court 's ruling clears the way for proceedings to condemn buildings in the area .
Per-share net rose to 47.46 yen from 39.31 yen .
In fact , Aer Lingus started ferrying Russians from Shannon to New York when Washington stripped Aeroflot of its U.S. landing rights .
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index dropped 1.20 to 342.50 ; the decline was the equivalent of a nine-point setback in the 30-stock average .
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 170 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
The prices of corn futures contracts jumped amid rumors that the Soviet Union is keeping up its dizzying October buying binge of U.S. corn .
A French Crusader crash a few months ago heightened pressure for new planes here .
`` The ad campaign is meant to contemporize the thought of National Geographic , '' she says .
It did n't disclose specifics but said it expects to complete the purchases by Nov. 1 .
Machinists already have rejected a proposal that called for a 4 % pay increase and 8 % bonus in the first year .
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp .
Mr. Johnson said Western Digital 's plant in Puerto Rico was affected by Hurricane Hugo , losing three days ' production because of the storm , which wrecked much of the Caribbean island 's infrastructure .
A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties account for about 6 % of the company 's assets and produce about 5,000 barrels of oil and 35 million cubic feet of gas a day .
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . ''
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . ''
Flanked by flight attendants , pilots and gate agents dressed in spiffy new blue uniforms , they said Eastern has exceeded its operational goals and is filling its seats .
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's .
Pacific Gas & Electric fell 3\/8 to 19 5\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.7 million shares and Pacific Telesis Group slipped 5\/8 to 44 5\/8 as the companies worked to restore service to areas affected by the quake .
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday .
Subscribing schools get the 12-minute daily Channel One news program , whose four 30-second TV ads during each show have drawn protests from educators .
Some Bush administration officials urged Mr. Greenspan to make an immediate public announcement of his plans to provide ample credit to the markets .
She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making `` grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations .
The company has said the paper is n't for sale , and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster 's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements .
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines .
Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer .
`` The Caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' shrugs Mr. George .
In both 1987 and 1988 , consumer prices rose 4.4 % .
A company spokesman said the gain on the sale could n't be estimated until the `` tax treatment has been determined .
Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa Director , External Affairs The World Bank
`` This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said Mr. Kummerfeld .
`` We accommodate their choice of names by allowing them to demonstrate '' family affiliation with legal documents , says Jim O'Donnell , a senior vice president .
Needless to say , he was talking about RICO .
The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk .
The asset shrinkage was particularly concentrated in several large California institutions .
Australia 's inflation is expected to rise as high as 8.3 % in the quarter ending March 30 , but could fall to around 7 % by June , according to economists .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Allied-Signal shares closed at $ 35.125 , off 87.5 cents .
Most of the department 's statements since the Northwest transaction indicated it planned to curtail foreign ownership stakes in U.S. carriers .
Mr. Trump and Bally also appeared to have some leverage in the case because in the state of Delaware , where Bally is incorporated , courts have held that greenmail is often protected by the business-judgment rule .
Three leading drug companies reported robust third-quarter earnings , bolstered by strong sales of newer , big-selling prescriptions drugs that provide hefty profit margins .
The decision by Merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading .
`` The market was caught totally the wrong way ... .
Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ?
He was later shown on television , fielding questions .
Kurt Kruger , who follows the stock for Hambrecht & Quist , anticipates that the company 's net income will grow 51 % to $ 2.15 a share this year .
`` It became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort , '' Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House Aviation Subcommittee , said during the panel 's deliberations .
There is simply no way to engineer a succession covertly , as is sometimes possible elsewhere on the continent .
New apple trees grow slowly , and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom .
Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director .
Quantum Fund , based in New York , is a $ 2.1 billion investment fund managed by Soros Fund Management .
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card .
The New York futures exchanges have been working together to develop a trade recording system much like the one called for in the bill .
Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist .
She went first for personal mementos .
Mr. Marcus believes spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves .
Contel 's Mr. Wohlstetter said the group of Big Board companies is n't ready to go public yet with its effort , and that he does n't plan to be the leader once it is public .
No reason for the request was given .
The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result .
The only asset-backed deal larger than Ford 's was a $ 4 billion offering by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 .
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky .
`` These errata do not affect business programs , '' he said .
Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier .
Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball .
Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class .
Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment .
`` I agree , it 's ridiculous , '' says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action .
Carl E. Pfeiffer , chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this specialty-metals manufacturing concern .
`` The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
The protesters point out that Galileo also could crash to Earth then .
Indeed , Joe Nacchio , AT&T 's vice president for business-communications services , said AT&T offered a similar Tariff 15 discount to Resort Condominium International , of Indianapolis , to meet another MCI bid .
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
Petroleum companies were also popular because of expectations of a weaker dollar , which cuts dollar-denominated crude-oil prices .
I see Congress as a last resort . ''
Of course , that was before Ford 's latest move .
It also purchases data systems products from a manufacturer based in Monterrey .
Not only did Mr. Ortega 's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region , it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections .
Artists and draftsmen need harder `` leads . ''
`` Nothing is too good for our golf course , '' says Tony George , a mining engineer .
Hasbro Inc. , the nation 's largest toy maker , reported third-quarter earnings increased 73 % from a year earlier on a 9.4 % sales gain , reflecting improved margins .
`` This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , '' he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop .
-- Freshman basketball player .
Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct. 13 alone .
If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic .
Nonetheless , `` Delmed currently expects that 1990 sales ... will be significantly below their 1989 level , '' the company said in a statement .
Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products .
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies .
In a separate matter , the Justice Department yesterday said Boeing agreed to pay the government $ 11 million to settle claims that the company provided inaccurate cost information to the Air Force while negotiating contracts to replace the aluminum skins on the KC-135 tanker aircraft .
The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley .
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review .
But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money .
Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues .
The czars were no civil libertarians .
The parent company 's net included a loss -- which it did n't specify -- that was related to the company 's 50 % stake in Cineplex Odeon Corp .
International copyright secured .
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for `` development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods . ''
Dr. Leigh Thompson , a Lilly group vice president , said the company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human-based insulins indicated no difference in the level of hypoglycemia between users of either product .
In this case , China would still finish the year with a current-account deficit of $ 8.7 billion , based on projections that imports for all of this year grow 20 % and exports 10 % .
Avery paid $ 750 million , including various legal and financing fees , to acquire Uniroyal Chemical , Middlebury , Conn. , in 1986 -- a move that burdened Avery with debt .
Nearly 20 years ago , Mr. Morishita , founder and chairman of Aichi Corp. , a finance company , received a 10-month suspended sentence from a Tokyo court for violating a money-lending law and an income tax law .
But even that niche is under attack , as several Wall Street firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure from big investors .
In addition , the group says some of its member companies have been denied insurance because individual workers had medical problems that ranged from a mild cardiac condition to psychological counseling after a divorce , hemorrhoids and overweight .
But in federal court in Manhattan , Judge Patterson said the FBI records could show that Mr. Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices .
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion .
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on .
As of Feb. 1 , 1990 , the Bullocks Wilshire stores will operate as I. Magnin stores .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
Officials with Meredith did n't have any immediate comment on the suit .
Parker officials said the company is selling the units to focus on its other businesses .
Betsy Engelken asked the same question earlier this year , when her husband was about to turn 50 .
Traders are likely to oppose such restrictions because dual trading provides a way to make money in slower markets where there is a shortage of customer orders .
`` As I was driving home , I did not feel very good about myself . ''
Stocks : Volume 176,100,000 shares .
For instance ?
Carried even further , some investors assumed that since leveraged buy-outs are the only thing propping up stock prices , the market would collapse if no more LBOs could be done .
The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape , '' said Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co .
But economic arguments , however solid , wo n't necessarily impress Hong Kong 's 5.7 million people .
In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London , Paris , Vienna and Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century .
Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes , a move that , in effect , raised the cost of a $ 7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $ 3 billion .
While tape recordings to uncover , say , infidelity are n't admissible in court , they can mean leverage in a settlement .
`` We imagine with bourbon the Wild West , Western motion pictures and gunmen appearing , '' says Kenji Kishimoto , vice president of Suntory International Corp. , a division of Suntory Ltd. , Japan 's largest liquor company .
It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants ( the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series ) .
The judge now says it was `` unfortunate '' that he chose to write the letter but says `` there was certainly no intent to extort there . ''
Disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .
Mr. Jelenic had been executive vice president for operations .
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others .
Among pharmaceutical shares , Chugai lost 60 yen to 2,290 yen ( $ 16.20 ) , and Mochida fell 150 to 4,290 .
IMA also will assume $ 1.4 billion in debt .
The issue is the first by Ford Motor Credit , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , and the second largest in the four-year history of the $ 45 billion asset-backed market .
When Lincoln was seized by the government , for example , 15 % of its loans , or $ 250 million , were to borrowers who were buying real estate from one of American Continental 's 50 other subsidiaries , according to Mr. Seidman .
Same-store sales for Pizza Hut rose about 13 % , while Taco Bell 's increased 22 % , as the chain continues to benefit from its price-value strategy .
Brown & Sons Inc .
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business .
Houston Lighting is a unit of Houston Industries Inc. , a utility holding company in Houston .
`` You should know what questions to ask to get people to answer . ''
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors .
Mr. Dannemiller , 51 , joined Bearings in August 1988 from Leaseway Transportation Corp. , where he was president and chief operating officer .
The report to Congress said that fatalities rose 18 % in 1987 and 13 % in 1988 on rural interstates .
The troubled disk drive maker aims with the new 3 1\/2-inch disks to revive its reputation and sales growth .
The move largely consigns them to roads used by motorized vehicles .
Scientists felt differently .
`` We do n't have passive readers . ''
A committee representing the unsecured creditors agreed to accept 24 cents on the dollar , Eagle said .
Also , the company posted improved third-quarter earnings .
Pitney Bowes Inc. directors authorized the company to seek buyers for its Wheeler Group Inc. subsidiary , a direct mail marketer of office supplies .
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm .
`` He 's in a vulnerable position because he has n't established much credibility on his own , '' says Bryan Jacoboski , a securities analyst at PaineWebber Inc .
`` It does n't appear to be getting worse .
Santa Fe Pacific ( NYSE ; Symbol : SFX )
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties .
For average East Germans , Mr. Krenz remains a puzzle .
`` We do n't just hand the customer the package .
The roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the resurgent abortion-rights movement faces .
Peeking Inside Arteries From Outside the Body
Jack Byrne , the chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato , Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 2 billion .
Last week the company indicated it would cut back on the working capital it would supply to Qintex Entertainment .
The biggest drop was recorded by primary metals producers , a category that includes the steel industry .
That 's the view of some analysts here who argue that Britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two U.S. auto giants battling for it .
We do n't think this will affect that . ''
FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer , Howard Weichern , is also charged with conspiring to conceal the agreements with Messrs. Watson and Taylor .
At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share .
Mr. Warren will remain on the company 's board .
TRW Inc. reported a 12 % decline in third-quarter net income , but the company said that excluding unusual gains in both quarters , operating profit rose 16 % .
The buy-out group is also entitled to $ 16 million to repay a fund created by the pilots union for an employee stock ownership plan .
The sales are being dragged down by a glut of 1989 vehicles , said Joel Pitcoff , a Ford analyst .
`` The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults , the San Andreas , the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault .
They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws .
Holiday said its 15 % notes due 1992 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation at a price to be determined by Holiday prior to the commencement of the offer .
Oddly , though , on the very same page you printed a comment that addresses one of the most serious shortcomings of the American education system .
`` People are promoting furs in various ways and taking the glamour out of the fur business , '' says Stephen Sanders , divisional merchandise manager for Marshall Field 's department store in Chicago .
An accounting adjustment made net income $ 1.5 million , or 18 cents a share .
The guidelines also state , `` The government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . ''
The moves illustrate the more aggressive attitude toward patent protection that patent experts say Japan is starting to take .
The evening is short -- 95 minutes without an intermission -- but even so , as the play progresses the thrust of Mr. Gelbart 's satire loses its sharpness as his targets pop up ever more predictably .
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . ''
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions .
`` They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , '' said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report .
Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame , and the game-show `` Jeopardy '' is soon to be Sony-owned .
In subsequent experiments , one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time .
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said .
Nearly half of U.S. consumers say they 'll pay up to 5 % more for packaging that can be recycled or is biodegradable , according to a survey commissioned by the Michael Peters Group , a design consultant .
The second part , consisting of $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating-rate notes , was priced at 99 3\/4 to float 4.25 % above the three-month London interbank offered rate .
At a meeting in Malaysia , Australia and Canada also assailed the British prime minister for criticizing the 49-nation group 's call for Pretoria to ease apartheid .
Bofors says it ca n't disclose the names of the middlemen because it would jeopardize industrial confidentiality .
We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .
f - As of Wednesday 's close .
Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees charged by federal agencies , and an 18 % increase in the Securities and Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees .
Meanwhile , Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 180,000 cars , and Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion .
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates .
The new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or as much as $ 5.42 billion .
`` It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . ''
In a surprise move , the British government cleared the way for a bidding war for Jaguar PLC by agreeing to remove an obstacle to a takeover of the auto maker .
In five minutes , the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points .
But the net interest bill jumped 85 % to A$ 686.7 million from A$ 371.1 million .
In the least , we must recognize the futility of trying to use exchange-rate intervention to offset the effects of tax-rate reduction on capital flows .
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge .
Yet even these insulting caricatures are not as bad as the moral hypocrisy at the heart of `` Settle the Score . ''
The machines will cost around $ 16,250 on average in Europe .
His answer is one `` possessed of a dignity in keeping with his position . ''
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . ''
John Barry Ventura , Calif .
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada .
Revenue gained 3.1 % to $ 26.81 billion from $ 26 billion .
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time .
Investment-grade corporates closed about 1\/4 point higher in quiet trading .
The Oakland Athletics ' four-game sweep over the San Francisco Giants in the World Series may widen already-sizable losses that the ABC network will incur on the current , final year of its baseball contract .
Mr. Cortese , a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer , invested some $ 2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns .
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
Dean Witter now recommends 85 % , Goldman 65 % and Merrill Lynch 50 % .
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle .
The Japanese government does n't allow this .
Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody , said in a recent interview , `` We do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . ''
One former executive says , `` Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except Dave Roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas .
People close to the GM-Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors .
The space shuttle Atlantis blasted into orbit from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , and its crew of five astronauts launched the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on a flight to the planet Jupiter .
Borden even tested a milk with 4 % butterfat in the South , but decided the market was too small .
But favorable earnings was n't a guarantee that a stock 's price would improve yesterday .
The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding .
But Norbert Braeuer , chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale ( Helaba ) , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks .
Nikon said sales rose despite the adverse effect of Japan 's unpopular consumption tax , introduced in April .
Breeders are betting on the common folk .
If growth regains its glamour among investors , a sluggish segment of the Nasdaq over-the-counter market could show some flash .
The Treasury Department said S&Ls reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites .
Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume .
These securities get top credit ratings because the issuers have put aside U.S. bonds that will be sold to pay off holders when the municipals are retired .
`` I 'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal .
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification .
Under that law , defendants who allegedly commit a pattern of crimes by means of a `` criminal enterprise '' may be charged with racketeering and forced to forfeit the proceeds of the enterprise .
Why is he cashing in now ?
The addition to reserves comes on top of a provision of $ 199.7 million that was announced in June .
The State Department says that any Khmer Rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . ''
Parts are a tragedy .
They build extended minivans and the Dodge Spirit , Acclaim , Shadow and Sundance .
The major reason : heavy outflows from high-risk , high-yield junk bond funds .
WHEN HUSBANDS take on more housework , they tend to substitute for chores done by the kids rather than by the wife .
He explains that he was `` merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment '' required for their safekeeping , until CenTrust 's new building was ready for them .
Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said .
She manages it with the title of general-director .
`` In these circumstances , I think they 'd win . ''
The bad news in the junk bond market yesterday was that TW Services , a group of restaurant chains , became the latest prospective issuer to get a cold shoulder from bond buyers .
Traders will also watch for whether the Soviet Union continues its traditional fall buying of U.S. grain .
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''
On Monday , the company , a provider of environmental consulting services , reported a wider fiscal fourth-quarter loss and predicted a loss for its fiscal 1990 first quarter , but said a profit is expected for all of fiscal 1990 .
Steve Kloves , the young writer and director ( he is n't yet 30 ) , has only one produced picture to his credit ; he wrote the screenplay for `` Racing With the Moon , '' a lovely coming-of-age picture set in the '40s .
The CFTC said it will propose the restrictions after the release of a study that shows little economic benefit resulting from dual trading and cites `` problems '' associated with the practice .
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations .
Net also was aided by a gain on the sale of the company 's equity interests in South Africa effective Sept. 1 .
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China .
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . ''
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses .
After being inspected , buildings with substantial damage were color-coded .
Finally , there is one family movie that quite eloquently explores the depth of human emotion -- only its stars are bears .
Under the agreement , Prospect is permitted to increase its stake in Recognition to 30 % .
Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker , because its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders , analysts noted .
Mikhail Gorbachev , he said , is ahead of China 's leaders in his awareness of the world .
Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication , which started out as a listing guide .
But `` term '' means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires .
Independent estimates of output in those industries , including one by the Department of Labor for banking , suggests that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5 % a year between 1948 and 1988 .
Shortly after Texas Air took control of Eastern , some Machinists union supervisors received a 20 % pay raise .
After Laurel Bank tried to repossess the car , a vice president asked him to intervene in an unrelated legal dispute involving a trust account .
Sony Corp. , New York , said its bids for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. have been cleared by federal antitrust regulators .
Part of Drexel 's plea was to cut Mr. Milken loose .
But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 12 million from $ 95 million .
London had some problems , too .
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday .
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics .
But he put off a firm decision while his aides and legislators searched for a compromise that would tighten requirements for such abortions in a way acceptable to the president .
Another solution , said a tax lawyer who requested anonymity , is for firms to use convertible bonds that sell at a discount .
Max Gitter , another GAF defense attorney , said yesterday , `` As we go in for the third time , Yogi Berra 's famous line is apt : ` It 's deja vu all over again . ' ''
Daiwa is one of the world 's largest securities firms .
The Lloyd 's market actively underwrites insurance just 4 1\/2 hours a day , brokers say .
A spokesman for Mr. Miles said he bought the shares because he felt they were `` a good investment . ''
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 to provide subsidized credits for Spanish exports .
Finnish conglomerate Nokia Oy AB said it reached an agreement to buy Dutch cable company NKF Kabel B.V. for 420 million Finnish markka ( $ 99.5 million ) .
The 7 % Treasury bond due October 1999 ended off 0.60 point to 99.35 to yield 7.09 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due 1994 fell 0.35 point to 97.25 to yield 7.45 % .
In Western , market-driven countries , recessions often have a bright side : prodding the economy to greater efficiency .
The legislation also includes a lower `` training wage '' for new workers who are teen-agers .
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive .
The average seven-day compound yield of the funds reached 9.62 % in late April .
Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds .
These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich , Barry Commoner , Rene Dubois and George Wald .
In 1979 , the pair split the company in half , with Walter and his son , Sam , agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name .
After the study , the SEC would be willing to consider adding new circuit breakers or fine-tuning the current ones , he added .
Recently , they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos , countering pro-union arguments .
Censorship is n't a Marxist invention .
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell 's exchange with a Gosbank representative ( `` Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails , '' editorial page , Oct. 5 ) with great interest , since the gold standard is one of my areas of research .
Asked the same question after his appearance , Democrat Florio identifies a staff member by name and explains her whereabouts today .
Three seats currently are vacant and three others are likely to be filled within a few years , so patent lawyers and research-based industries are making a new push for specialists to be added to the court .
In national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 37.5 cents to $ 20.375 .
But unfortunately , that segment is much smaller than the bread-and-butter flat-rolled steel .
This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers .
The move to halt imports -- announced 29 years and 11 months to the day after Henry Ford II declared that the Edsel division and its gawky car would be scrapped -- kills the four-year-old Merkur brand in the U.S. market .
At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months .
Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale .
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries .
So far , money managers and other bond buyers have n't shown much interest in the Refcorp bonds .
But , she says , `` I guess I did n't really notice the trees .
The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be `` small '' and warned against letting `` energetic self-starters '' like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department , Pentagon or Central Intelligence Agency .
He said he expects U.S. interest rates to decline , dragging the dollar down to around 1.80 marks by the end of January after a short-lived dash to 1.87 marks by the end of November .
Then he canceled production of the Navy 's most important carrier aircraft , the F-14 and the A-6 .
The company posted third-quarter earnings of 95 cents a share , down from $ 1.26 a year earlier .
Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities .
Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze .
It also faces numerous other hurdles including an agreement on a pipeline route for the gas .
He would have got a lot more done if he made up his mind faster . ''
At the time , the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at about 2200 .
Net income jumped 21 % to 79.03 billion yen from 65.53 billion yen .
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31 , sales will total 400.0 billion yen , up from 366.89 billion yen .
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized .
There is likely to be a natural division of labor , says Francois Heisbourg , director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union , and Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East .
The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill that would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration .
A Saatchi spokesman declined to comment about Interpublic .
West Texas Intermediate for November delivery fell 14 cents a barrel to $ 20.42 .
Justin 's attorney , Charles E. Baxley , said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily , pending an expedited appeal .
In fact , during the past three months there have been several demonstrations at the office complex where the Land Bureau is housed , and at the National Assembly , demanding the government put a stop to real-estate speculation .
He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S. , possibly at the 1990 summit .
In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations .
`` We proved a healthy office does n't cost more , '' says Frederic Krupp , executive director of the fund .
The real estate investment trust said the `` purported class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law . ''
The 1988 results were restated for accounting-rules changes .
Then he would move his movement to Europe .
Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be `` ideas for discussion . ''
Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years that has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. .
SIBV-MS Holdings is a new company jointly owned by an affiliate of Jefferson Smurfit and a Morgan Stanley limited partnership .
MLX , which also makes aircraft and heavy-duty truck parts , said the debt was accumulated during its acquisition of nine businesses that make up the group , the biggest portion of which was related to the 1986 purchase of a Hillman Co. unit .
Amazing what it does to one 's heart rate and one 's short-term memory .
`` I 'd be destroying myself , '' replies Mr. Korotich , who then asks , `` What would that accomplish ?
Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla , Calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years .
That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products .
On Monday , a letter from Mr. Skinner 's deputy , Elaine Chao , said the administration opposed the legislation `` in its present form . ''
Shares of Lone Star Industries Inc. , a cement maker , rose sharply in anticipation of stepped-up demand .
With stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next guiding light , '' said Brian J. Fabbri , chief economist at Midland Montagu Securities Inc .
Petrolane Gas Service 's 13 1\/4 % debentures traded at 102 , after trading around par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week .
Step 1 cleans up our books .
She said she used the market 's wild swings to buy shares cheaply on the sell-off .
Helmsley Enterprises is the umbrella organization for companies controlled by Harry B. Helmsley .
Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years .
This gene , called `` gametocide , '' is carried into the plant by a virus that remains active for a few days .
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading .
The dividend represents the balance of its regular quarterly payout of 10 cents a share , of which half was paid July 17 in a final distribution prior to its merger with B.B. Real Estate Investment Corp. , also in July .
`` It 's a question of timing , '' says Mayumi Takayama , managing director of international operations at Isetan Co. , a Tokyo department store .
Computer Associates closed at $ 13.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage .
`` Each Japanese bank has its own judgment on the profits and risks in that { UAL } deal , '' he said .
It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment from Taiwan and raise heavy industry capabilities .
`` People are looking past supply to lower interest rates , but they 're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market . ''
Ungermann-Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer-network market in Japan than at home .
Dayton Hudson said it accepted all odd-lot shares tendered at or below the final $ 62.875 price ; the preliminary proration factor for other shares tendered at or below the final price is 98 % .
Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment .
Meanwhile , Prudential , the nation 's largest insurer and the biggest investor in junk bonds , has seen the value of its junk bond portfolio drop to $ 6.5 billion from $ 7 billion since August because of falling junk prices .
Eagle , which controls Bristol Federal Savings Bank and First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Torrington , had assets of $ 469.6 million on that date .
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues .
Other market-maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market .
Dale Lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. and Sassy , is candid about the challenge he is taking on .
But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny .
Japanese banks are under `` political pressure '' as well , the analyst said .
One reason for these hybrids is that indexing 's rapid growth is slowing , particularly for those `` plain vanilla '' funds that mirror the S&P 500 .
It is having trouble meeting its debt payments because of heavy borrowing in 1987 for a leveraged buy-out .
Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper , lead and zinc , and higher equity earnings in Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. , a Mexican mining company in which Asarco has a 34 % stake .
However , Aetna 's employee benefits division , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted a 34 % profit gain to $ 106 million .
Franco Reviglio , ENI chairman , looks for sweeping structural change in the oil industry -- he calls it a `` revolution '' requiring huge investments -- as a result of environmental issues .
The additional spending pushes the measure more than $ 2 billion above its prescribed budget ceiling , and the House Appropriations Committee leadership must now seek a waiver in hopes of completing action today .
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation .
The bid was n't `` socially acceptable , '' a company spokeswoman said .
And for now , at least , the competition is n't the only enemy .
But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby , `` Cheers '' and other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule .
The small , wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world .
`` The number of correct responses was 45 % on the test and school absences did n't change much , '' said Mr. Bruner .
Your Oct. 4 front page noted that British lawyers have to wear wigs in court and that these wigs are made from horses ' tails .
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders .
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 .
The government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor .
Mr. Lloyd said if Qintex had defaulted it could have been required to repay $ 92 million in debt under its loan agreements .
It is hoped that other Japanese would then follow the leader .
It was n't clear where Santa Fe Pacific expected to obtain the payment of more than $ 500 million , which would be well above the $ 400 million that California pension fund officials say they plan to provide .
The index moved above 35670 at midmorning , nearly reaching the record of 35689.98 set Sept. 28 .
In the nine months , net was $ 1.02 billion , or $ 4.38 a share , including the gain from the Mitsubishi stock sale , compared with $ 617 million , or $ 2.77 a share , after a charge of $ 93 million , or 42 cents a share , for plant closings in the 1988 period .
After years of relative obscurity , he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the aesthetic quality of his architecture .
Presidio Oil Co. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. 's U.S. unit for $ 163 million .
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
`` There 's a strong sense among the martini set that there 's more { bad news } to come , '' asserts Roger Yates , chief investment officer at Morgan Grenfell Asset Management .
Mr. Womack , 53 years old , has been with the big producer of household products , food and pharmaceuticals for 30 years .
`` After a while , someone has to go over the side . ''
A customs official said the arrests followed a `` Snake Day '' at Utrecht University in the Netherlands , an event used by some collectors as an opportunity to obtain rare snakes .
The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a profit-seeking activity or a nondeductible hobby ?
It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements .
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets .
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department .
Crude oil futures prices fell further as analysts and traders said OPEC oil producers are n't putting the brakes on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter .
Computer Sciences Corp. said it received a U.S. Postal Service contract that will have a value of at least $ 33 million .
Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance .
Earlier this month , Security Pacific , which is among the 10 largest bank holding companies in the U.S. , completed the acquisition of San Diego-based Southwest Bancorp .
Yesterday , Mr. Trump tried to put the blame for the collapse of the UAL deal on Congress , saying it was rushing through a bill to protect AMR executives .
Revenue was $ 111.9 million , up 50 % from $ 74.8 million .
The family license plate reads `` ENG 23 , '' the first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number .
Called a `` married put , '' the technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock .
Last week 's output rose 1.4 % from the 1,802,000 tons produced a year earlier .
But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks .
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues , which gained 111.48 points Wednesday , climbed 266.66 , or 0.76 % , to 35374.22 .
`` It 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , '' Mr. Forrester says .
The Peasants can make a credible case , against Solidarity , that hell-bent reform will drive millions from the land .
I just do n't understand it .
And with the company 's recent announcement that it is contemplating a partial sale of its real estate , the values suddenly look poorer .
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137,550,000 of sports facilities lease revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds , Series 1989 D , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
Meanwhile , the index of the 100 biggest non-financial stocks , the Nasdaq 100 , gained 0.47 to 438.15 .
Over dinners at New York 's Sky Club and Links Club restaurants , the steel executive and the big investor talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses .
The Westin staff had , kindly , set out lighted candles in the ballroom , prepared a cold-cuts buffet and passed around pillows and blankets .
The Diet plays a minor role compared with the powerful bureaucratic system .
Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40 % of the French tobacco market , half the level of about two decades ago .
It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that I am responding to Mr. Asman 's opinions of their country .
What 's more , he believes seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time as in the past , because of production and pricing differences that are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments built into the employment data .
Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room or the company library -- and are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses .
The devices could help indicate when surgery would help , says Charles Tator , a University of Toronto neurosurgeon .
That could cost him the chance to influence the outcome and perhaps join the winning bidder .
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader .
To make an LBO work , now we are going to need more than just junk bonds .
`` It 's evident we 're entering a more competitive era , '' he says .
`` If you have a position , you 're better off to stick with it than to move around very much , '' says Republican strategist John Sears .
Not-held orders , which are also known as `` disregard the tape '' orders , are always done at the customer 's risk .
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said .
They are starting to buy growth stocks .
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June .
One person who is past worrying about London 's blues is Christopher Hartley .
Since this treasure chest is too big to fit in a bank vault , it has been turned into one .
Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies .
Mr. Nolan is a contributing editor at Los Angeles Magazine .
About 10 % to 15 % of members at Atlanta 's Holiday Espre Center are elderly , says Gerald Williams , fitness consultant .
Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53 % to 10.5 billion yen .
Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead .
While the joint venture affects only a small part of Bethlehem 's operations , it is significant because it marks the first time the nation 's No. 2 steelmaker has joined forces with a foreign partner .
The partnership also includes American Express Co. , Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Without becoming overly contentious , allow me to suggest that several recent champions of the world according to us ( as in U.S. ) might not have ranked No. 1 in many polls .
`` It 's just not true , '' he says .
`` Everyone in the world is watching us very closely . ''
At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non-food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a `` matter of months . ''
It did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to `` management style '' and `` strategic objectives . ''
According to the study , slightly more than 34 % of those surveyed reported having at least one housing problem every year for which they had no legal help .
`` The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game .
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice .
Euro Disneyland shares made a debut like Snow White yesterday while most of the London stock market looked like it had eaten the Evil Queen 's poisoned apple .
As previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services .
Many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back .
Ms. Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs , in violation of their contract .
And Bobby Thomson was made a legend .
The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon .
Third-quarter shipments slipped 7 % from the year-ago period , and 17 % from this year 's second quarter .
The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.90 , up 0.18 ; spot index 130.36 , up 0.39 .
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business .
One bank stock was a winner .
A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said .
And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy .
Mr. Savaiko said he sees a possibility of the December contract dropping to $ 1.05 a pound .
We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for .
The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million , or $ 2.46 a share , from the sale of New York Times Cable , completed in August .
`` The terms announced today are strictly between the United States and Gulf Power , '' said U.S. Attorney Robert L. Barr .
Thus , the proteins from the yeast are molecularly more like human proteins than those from bacteria .
Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts .
Bankruptcy experts said the law is n't clear on how such an arbitration ruling can affect a company 's case .
The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle .
The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary .
A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible .
The percentage change is since year-end .
My statement , read verbatim from a printed text available to all reporters attending the National Cancer Institute news conference , was the following : `` New clinical trials are already in operation seeking to improve these results .
The Wall Street firms ' pullback followed their recent blacklisting by several institutional investors .
Both the Series 1989 A and Series 1989 B bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 , according to a Merrill Lynch official .
His Republican counterpart , Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) , has used his position to wage a legislative war with the conservative board of the Legal Services Corp .
For the year , however , access lines in service have increased 5.5 % .
We just do n't have that kind of income stream . ''
In the 1989 second quarter , Shearson had net income of $ 55 million , or 54 cents a share .
Mr. Dalton also recommends that the chief executive establish a rumor control center and move swiftly to bolster morale .
The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta .
The decline reflected the expense of buying three magazines , lower earnings from the forest-products group , and what is proving to be a nagging major problem , continued declines in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship daily newspaper .
The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator , Samuel James Baker .
Many institutions and individual investors have shied away from stock-index futures , blaming them for speeding the stock market crash on Black Monday two years ago .
Her sister , Cynthia , wishes Toni had a different job .
`` This is n't outlandish bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... .
It also would leave Eastern a bigger carrier than the scaled-down one proposed under the initial plan .
Some atmospheric scientists think that even if CFCs were released into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , the amount of ozone depletion would be only 10 % by the middle of the next century .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
Inland Steel Industries Inc. , battered by lower volume and higher costs , posted a 75 % drop in third-quarter earnings .
But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers .
The program expires April 27 .
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately .
Many political analysts have speculated that the Reagan years would produce a staunchly conservative younger generation .
The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to directory advertisers if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale .
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon .
Price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
More ominous to SDI supporters , the Bush administration appears to have tacitly accepted a new arms-control proposal from the Soviet Union that spells long-term trouble for Star Wars .
`` That puts pressure on CD rates .
In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , or 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion , and analysts expect its results to continue to improve .
He lived with her .
Gene-splicing now is an integral part of the drug business .
`` We were talking about scheduling a practice drill for November , '' says Joan Tharp , a spokeswoman .
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did , crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman 's strategy had been abandoned .
Left-stream economists I associate with -- fellows in the Union of Radical Political Economists , most particularly Robert Pollin of the economics faculty at the University of California at Riverside -- were not hypnotized in the manner of their pliant colleagues .
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc .
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related .
Separately , Pitney Bowes said third-quarter net income gained 15 % to $ 62 million , or 78 cents a share , from $ 54 million , or 68 cents a share , a year ago .
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer .
Soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers .
These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 .
By a 325-92 margin , the Appropriations Committee leadership beat back an early challenge by House Banking Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) to the FHA provision .
Sales growth in the quarter was slowed by mounting pressure from groups of buyers , such as hospitals , to hold down prices .
-- Mimi Kay .
She retains her duties of human-resources director .
The trading pace was busy , with 4,343 issues and 147.6 million shares changing hands .
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results .
Hardly a day passes without news photos of the police dragging limp protesters from some building or thoroughfare in one of our cities .
That conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and extradition agreements , Spanish officials said .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
FRINGE-BENEFIT spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 25 % of payroll from 29 % three years ago , says the National Institute of Business Management , an advisory service .
Now , callers are led through complex menus of choices to retrieve information they want , and the hardware can process 10,000 calls in 90 seconds .
`` The stock , in my opinion , is going to go lower , not only because of disappointing earnings but { because } the credibility gap is certainly not closing , '' says L. Craig Carver of Dain Bosworth .
Our ability to influence the outcome of events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is far more marginal .
`` We 're very pleased with the new deal .
The noncallable issue , which can be put back to the province in 2001 , was priced at a spread of 41 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
`` Kodak understands HDTV is where everybody is going , '' says RIT 's Mr. Spaull .
But individuals familiar with the generally successful Drexel talks say the firm is meeting resistance from some big states , including New Jersey , New York , California , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Missouri .
CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season .
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute .
East Bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets .
Some other fare promotions have backfired .
Investors have complained for some time about program trading , particularly index arbitrage , to little avail .
Nevertheless , Mr. Lupel anticipates no legal action to reverse the Illinois Supreme Court 's decision to institute the changes .
`` It makes people think , maybe this guy is n't so squeaky clean after all , '' says Mr. Garth , Mayor Koch 's media consultant .
When acquired in May 1988 by British retailer Marks & Spencer PLC , Brooks Brothers ' annual operating profit was about $ 41.8 million on sales of $ 290.1 million .
`` Ninety percent of Mort 's old show fits into our style , '' said Mr. Eskridge .
CRESTMONT FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION ( Edison , N.J. ) --
Each of the 1,075,000 warrants entitle the holders to purchase one share of Apogee common stock for $ 2.25 .
The government had fallen $ 300 million behind in interest payments .
Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives .
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze , at a news conference in Moscow , said , `` As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year , they found it useful , I would say even necessary , to hold an interim informal meeting . ''
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks .
The industry 's chemical profits also declined because excess capacity has depressed prices .
Earnings of female workers were unchanged .
Mr. Nahas , who single-handedly provoked a one-day closure of Brazil 's stock markets in June when he failed to honor a debt of $ 31.1 million owed to his brokers , yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange ; a few days before Mr. Nahas 's failure , the exchange raised the required margin on stock-margin transactions .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally .
So far the company had bought back 1.6 million shares .
Before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money .
On the other hand , a decision to increase the IMF 's capital would reinforce the central economic role of multilateral institutions in developing countries .
Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S. .
But for South Gardens , the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls with real plants inside them .
For decades , psyllium husk has been the main ingredient in such laxatives as Procter & Gamble Co. 's Metamucil , the top-selling brand in the U.S. , and Ciba-Geigy Corp. 's Fiberall .
Domestic orders were up a real 11 % and a nominal 14 % , while foreign orders rose a real 1 % and a nominal 5 % .
`` The fact that we might not side with the Americans may be a reason why Canada 's membership in the OAS has n't been , over the years , an item high on the U.S. agenda , '' said Allan Gotlieb , former Canadian ambassador to the U.S. .
Mr. Waggoner could n't be reached .
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.80 % in 1999 .
Moreover , a recent government report showing widespread layoffs in manufacturing had contributed to perceptions that the manufacturing sector of the economy had slowed to a crawl .
In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs ( $ 162 ) a share , or 528 million francs ( $ 84.7 million ) .
The machine uses a single processor , which makes it easier to program than competing machines using several processors .
Money is n't the only reason for the shift in practice preferences .
The success of `` Batibot '' stands in marked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language .
Billings were n't disclosed ... .
Your Oct. 12 editorial `` Pitiful , Helpless Presidency ? '' correctly states that I was critical of the Bush administration 's failure to have any plan in place to respond in a timely fashion to the opportunities to oust Manuel Noriega presented by the attempted military coup on Oct. 3 .
Barred by its budget law from making any new domestic bond issues , Wellington 's Debt Management Office had been casting abroad to raise the 3 billion New Zealand dollars ( US$ 1.76 billion ) to NZ$ 4 billion it needs to come up with by the end of its fiscal year next June 30 .
Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures , A-2 senior notes and bonds , A-2 preferred stock and the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper .
Then maybe I could stay home and have seven children and watch Oprah Winfrey , like Beulah in the article , instead of having one child and working constantly just to stay above water , like so many families in this country .
A soluble form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune suppression , the company said .
Ginnie Mae 13 % securities were down about 1\/4 at 109 30\/32 .
And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years .
At June 30 , Webster , which owns First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Waterbury , had assets of $ 699 million .
In response to the internationalization of the business , Mr. Sinyard 's company is replacing independent distributors overseas with wholly owned subsidiaries .
You 're right there in the mainstream of American business , building value on the back of insupportable expenditures .
The Fairfield , N.J. , company , which is 92%-owned by Ogden Corp. , New York , had net of $ 1.1 million , or four cents a share , a year ago .
The letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities .
David Lung has been with Patrick since 1970 , and has served as vice president for administration and purchasing since 1987 .
In the nine months , imports rose 20 % to 155.039 trillion lire , while exports grew 18 % to 140.106 trillion lire .
The leading contender for the mayoral office , Democrat David Dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs .
Attorneys for more than 18,000 women who claim injuries from the Dalkon Shield contraceptive device have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to refuse to hear an appeal of the bankruptcy-law reorganization plan for A.H. Robins Co. , which manufactured the device .
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said .
Most say they plan to spend more on factory equipment in 1990 than in 1989 .
Analysts agree , predicting that the revived market could significantly boost Westinghouse 's bottom line in coming years .
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase .
An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million but really worth US$ 500 million , and the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million , Mr. Bond said .
Short-term rates rose yesterday .
Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer .
Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading & Transport .
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S.
Novell , a computer networking concern , fell 1 1\/2 to 30 on 152,000 shares .
The programs occurred against the backdrop of a late pullback in UAL , which had held at slightly lower levels through most of the session amid optimism that another bidder might surface .
Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties , and shows that few of them are sacred cows .
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major 's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party .
One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . ''
`` It was chaotic .
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 .
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California 's earthquake relief efforts .
Next year Western Digital plans to consolidate its operations from 11 buildings in Irvine into two buildings in the same city a new headquarters and , a block away , a modern $ 100 million silicon wafer fabrication plant .
But if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled .
The highest-yielding funds are still above 9 % .
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and most senators contend that the Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets .
Shelly Hancock , a male county court judge in Houston , refused to let a woman plead guilty to a drunk-driving charge because her skirt stopped three inches above her knees .
Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units .
Mike Metschan , a salesman in Wang 's Austin , Texas , office , has a breezier method : `` We tell them $ 3 billion companies do n't go out of business .
There was some profit-taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said .
Meanwhile , a state court judge has allowed the charity to go on soliciting funds .
Although the economy showed no change of pace from the second quarter , many analysts expect it to slow considerably in the fourth quarter as demand for autos falls , partly because of higher prices on models introduced last month .
In terms of sheer brutality , the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world .
HDTV already has some military applications , such as creating realistic flight simulations and transmitting information to combat commanders .
Its chairman told the union to prepare for the worst in next year 's confrontation with employers over a new three-year wage deal .
The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board .
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines .
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare .
Friday brings the final count on October auto sales .
`` Most people do just the opposite : They sell their winners and keep their losers . ''
At the core of it all is a love for plants . ''
In 1987 he became deputy chief of the civil division .
Golden Feldman Furs Inc. began retailing aggressively eight years ago , and now retail sales account for about 20 % of gross income .
Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .
Elsewhere , Valley National continued its slide , dropping 2 1\/8 to 15 on 1.7 million shares .
First they get us to buy computers so we can get more information .
Mr. Gourlay , 48 , is manager for corporate manufacturing operations ; he was assistant vice president at the company .
The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of `` service fees , '' which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets .
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies .
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . ''
It Helps to Be Male
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul .
And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month .
`` Three of our favorite names , '' Mr. Della Femina calls that roster , adding hopefully , `` We 're a much more attractive agency to large multinationals today than we were yesterday . ''
Estimated volume was three million ounces .
Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California . ''
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . ''
Police suspect that the criminals , who dig up the plants in the dead of night , are selling them to nurseries or landscapers .
Manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged .
As she saw one key love affair , the problem was n't her infidelity , it was his jealousy .
Many critics question the industry 's need for federal support ; the Pentagon justifies its help on national-security grounds .
Time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining Tele-Communications as investors in Showtime , cable-TV industry executives say .
`` There will be big Japanese investments probably five to 10 years from now . ''
Hard-hitting consultants match ads with Mr. Courter 's team , and Mr. Florio retools himself as the lean , mean Democratic fighting machine of the 1990s .
The London Times said she had `` contravened protocol . ''
These days , he is as known for his flamboyant tastes and the youthful muse who shares his life as he is for his books .
Some of it was due to lower-than-expected earnings from leading companies , he said .
Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs , but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding .
( Braniff declined ) .
When financial professionals measure risk mathematically , they usually focus on the volatility of short-term returns .
Separately , the National Science Foundation is promised a 7.7 % increase to bring its appropriations to $ 2.07 billion .
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first .
One troubling aspect of DEC 's results , analysts said , was its performance in Europe .
The investment bank has previously announced that as part of its punishment it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry .
The soft , wafting aromas will `` improve ride comfort , '' the display attests , and a proud employee says Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab and into its cars in a year or two .
Mr. Peters would fly to New York with the intention of telling Warner Communications Inc. Chairman Steven J. Ross that Guber-Peters planned to end its five-year contract to produce movies exclusively for Warner .
Pacific Telesis Group lost 62.5 cents to $ 44.625 .
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level .
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week .
The firm has made 17 previous shifts from one type of asset to another in its 10-year history .
The European Community Commission has imposed provisional anti-dumping duties on imports of South Korean small-screen color-television sets .
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion .
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome .
The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor .
Not even a tractor .
By contrast , surgical abortion is 99 % effective .
Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two active and two reserve ; two carrier groups to the Navy ; a division -- equivalent to the Marines ; and the C-5B , KC-10 , C-17 and a thousand tactical aircraft to the Air Force .
East Germany , it is clear , is no Poland , where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union .
If you 're still wondering about the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market , consider the case of Columbia Savings & Loan .
Some junk-holders are said to be considering legal action against KKR or moves to force SCI TV into bankruptcy court .
Imperial said it had n't been served with this suit either .
Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces , but active suspension provides power to counter the jolts .
Observers also wonder whether Judge Mazzone will use the lost-profits method of determining damages , which Polaroid favors because it would result in a larger award , or the reasonable royalty method .
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said .
After Mr. Sullivan waffled on abortion last year , the White House appeased right-to-lifers by surrounding him with pro-life deputies .
`` You have n't seen the full effect of that yet . ''
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
A veteran of another financial crisis , the savings-and-loan bailout , Mr. Breeden wants to have the SEC regulate securities issued by banks and S&Ls .
Mr. Breeden also is trying to use a far more catastrophic event -- the California earthquake -- to move another rule change past Congress .
Mr. Barre 's rule is crumbling fast .
One of those areas is the development of a hand-held electronic device that would permit floor traders to enter trades as they make them .
LONGS DRUG STORES INC. , Walnut Creek , drugstore chain , annual sales of $ 1.9 billion , NYSE , had only minor damage and only four of its 75 Bay-area stores , all in the Santa Cruz area , were closed .
For the second time , in a movie called `` The Bear , '' French director Jean-Jacques Annaud demonstrates just how powerful pictures can be .
Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter .
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT Corp. said its directors declared a dividend of five cents per Class A common stock payable Nov. 6 to stock of record Oct. 16 .
No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks . ''
For the third quarter , revenue increased 1.9 % to $ 2.55 billion from $ 2.51 billion .
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts .
A guy is sitting up in an office deciding what you 're going to eat . ''
He then briefed Messrs. Boies and Barr , who had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation accordingly .
And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually .
Apple shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 48 a share .
It turns out that Columbia had this huge loss in large part because the new congressionally mandated rules forced it to adjust the book value of its soon-to-be-sold junk bonds to the lower of either their cost or market value .
Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.4 million and $ 6.9 million , or between 32 cents and 34 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Mideast politics have calmed down and the squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now .
To reduce the danger of such pricing cycles , Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals , which have highly specific industrial uses and tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals .
Among major pass-through issues , Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 15\/32 , up 5\/32 , after touching an early high of 98 27\/32 ; 8 % securities were at 94 5\/32 , up 9\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 100 15\/32 , up 4\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 102 11\/32 , up 3\/32 .
First Fidelity said non-performing assets increased to $ 482.3 million Sept. 30 from $ 393.1 million June 30 .
Before good will , Overnite Transportation earnings fell 11 % to $ 15 million , Union Pacific said .
The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation .
`` We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams .
He sold quarter-inch fingerlings to stock other farmers ' ponds , and he bought back one-pound-or-so food-fish that he `` live-hauled '' to market along with his own whiskery crop .
IBM also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing .
The most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading .
Massachusetts , which has lost jobs in the computer and defense-related industries , was the weakest link in bleak New England .
While last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate , the Census Bureau said the 1988 drop was n't statistically significant .
Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that .
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen , prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit 's tumble .
In the mortgage pass-through sector , active issues rose but trailed gains in the Treasury market .
The blue-collar machinists , longtime rivals of the white-collar pilots , say the buyout would load the company with debt and weaken its finances .
Ramada 's stock rose 87.5 cents on the news to close at $ 11.25 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading .
The settlement stems from charges that Better Book , now defunct , made misrepresentations in selling advertising for the directories and memberships in the bureau from 1984 to 1986 .
On U.S.-Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged .
But on a 53-45 roll call this provision was stripped from the bill last night after Foreign Relations Chairman Claiborne Pell ( D. , R.I . ) complained that it was an intrusion on exclusive powers vested in his panel for more than three decades .
David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . ''
The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy .
The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed .
Revenue rose 95 % to $ 86.4 million from $ 44.3 million the year earlier .
He began by closing 120 of the combined companies ' 260 offices in two months , eliminating about 31 % of the company 's 2,500-person adminstrative staff , including more than 100 sales positions .
Pershare net fell to 4.97 yen from 5.40 yen .
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why .
In Cherry Hill , the National Abortion Rights Action League , whose goal is to sign up 50,000 pro-choice voters , targets a union breakfast to build labor support for its cause .
You 'd think all the stories about well-heeled communities and developers getting HUD grants would prompt Congress to tighten up on upscale housing subsidies .
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC .
In a remark someone should remember this time next year , Senator Sasser said , `` I think we 've seen the peak of military construction spending for many years to come . ''
`` The technology revolution is going to be very threatening to established producers , '' says Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
There have been some reports that Mr. Krenz is moving to `` soften '' his reputation , notably rumors that it was he who kept East Germany 's state police off protesters ' backs at the country 's dismal 40th anniversary celebrations earlier this month .
`` October is a big rollover month and perhaps they anticipate greater demand ... among people leaving the stock market . ''
Foreign Bonds
The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added .
But in Baltimore , Dr. Vogelstein , a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School , believed Dr. Knudson was right , and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers .
The spokesman said Maxicare hopes to complete the reorganization by early 1990 .
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy .
Vista Chemical rose 1 3\/8 to 38 5\/8 after Bear Stearns added the stock to the firm 's buy list , citing recent price weakness .
The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. and a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary .
3:25 a.m .
He says courts have held that antitrust considerations are outweighed in such cases by the need to protect consumers from deceptive marketing .
Berlitz , which is based in Princeton , N.J. , provides language instruction and translation services through more than 260 language centers in 25 countries .
Last year 's retrenchment dried up the working capital of Chinese factories .
When the mining in front of the wall is complete , it is moved northward .
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously .
Steppenwolf needs the extra seats even more than the fly space .
The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and derived `` merely incidental elements of recreation and other personal pleasure and benefits '' from it .
This figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses , or determined by selling loans to private owners ( without federal guarantees ) .
Hong Kong 's main measure of consumer prices rose 10 % in September from a year earlier , the government said .
By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict .
A serious economic downturn , pessimists observe , could hurt the expansionists .
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was .
`` We kind of got caught between bureaucracies , '' says President William F. Brooks Jr .
CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment .
A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Specter is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today .
The company closed at $ 12 a share , down 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
Lenders had doubts about the project even before June 4 , but the harsh crackdown , which caused many businesses to reassess their China transactions , `` gave the banks the out they wanted , '' says an official close to the Shanghai venture .
Kadane Oil Co. , a small Texas independent , is currently drilling two wells itself and putting money into three others .
`` Our goal is to develop quite rapidly to a top-10 position ... by the end of three years from now .
`` The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , '' he says .
The thrift emphasized that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million .
A retired electrical engineer we 'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits .
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to , she told her husband , pick up some papers for a neighbor .
In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese .
Intermec , a maker of optical character-recognition devices , also reported higher third-quarter earnings .
Like many OTC growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 100 million to $ 500 million .
Mr. Morishita is a leading figure among Japan 's 38,000 `` machikin , '' which lend to small companies , and `` sarakin , '' which lend to individuals .
Ford 's share purchases undoubtedly accounted for much of Monday 's heavy trading .
`` I do n't want to be in a position to have to sell , '' Mr. Frabotta says .
`` Before the sun sets on the '80s , it seems nothing will be left unhocked . ''
Bush vowed to veto a bill allowing federal financing for abortions in cases of rape and incest , saying tax dollars should n't be used to `` compound a violent act with the taking of an unborn life . ''
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement .
UAL finished at 170 , off 8 3\/8 .
However , many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market 's plunge as `` a great buying opportunity , '' said Charles I. Clough , chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Mr. Sherman is a professor of criminology at the University of Maryland and president of the Crime Control Institute in Washington , D.C .
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % .
`` Invariably , '' he says , `` eyewitnesses are untrustworthy . ''
But K mart 's Mr. Antonini is intent on pushing the company into new retail businesses .
Not including thrifts under government conservatorship , S&Ls reduced their assets by $ 10.1 billion from the previous month , and deposit outflows totaled $ 3.9 billion .
The visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware .
This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries .
Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers .
Arkansas Democrat David Pryor spilled his guts on the Senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the Finance Committee 's early-morning pork-barrel revels : `` I must tell you ...
Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet , he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84 % of the vote .
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 .
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 170,330,000 shares .
As the largest holder of acquisition preferred units , Mesa Limited Partnership would own about 28 % of Edisto after the transaction .
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . ''
Mercedes-Benz , which had said it did n't owe taxes to Massachusetts partly because it sells its cars at a dock in Baltimore and not in Massachusetts , did n't explain its change of heart .
The companies said Pace would ill continue to operate under its present management .
Hanshin Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 2 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd .
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season .
You lead readers to believe that the House reduced the capital-gains tax for two years only .
But British Air , which was to have supplied $ 750 million out of $ 965 million in equity financing , apparently was n't involved in the second proposal and could well reject it even if banks obtain financing .
When that happened , `` seismic '' tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market and increased the market 's volatility .
Last fall , Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year .
Southeast Asian crude imports , however , were 3.6 % higher than August .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.475 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days .
Similarly , the Big Board hopes to entice Merrill Lynch & Co .
Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer when they are falling .
`` Batibot , '' which started in 1983 as a hybrid of the U.S. program `` Sesame Street , '' has developed into a distinctly Philippine effort .
Remic mortgage securities was launched by a Morgan Stanley group .
William D. Forrester , president of the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council , has a warning for U.S. companies trying to do business in the Soviet Union .
Whitbread now intends to bolster its brewing interests , in an effort to grab a share of sales to free houses .
Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . )
Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share .
The northern piers of the span lie in estuarian deposits that were of a type to have liquefied easily during the 1906 quake .
As for California being a state run by liberal environmental loonies , let 's not forget where Ronald Reagan came from .
The issue was priced at a spread of 137.5 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first .
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed .
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake .
Try as they might , they just ca n't conceive of life without black workers .
At the core of all this stands a hotel .
Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower .
News of the restructuring plan sent Sea Containers ' shares up $ 1 to $ 62 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Michael A. Gaskin , 55 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots , succeeding Walter K. Weisel .
In August , the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard .
They have since mellowed , although one senior Young & Rubicam executive , echoing others , said : `` I think ad agencies owe Carl { Spielvogel } a vote of thanks for getting him out of the consulting business . ''
Futures , on the other hand , are a zero sum game -- a market for making side bets about the direction of stock prices .
The Merc alleged that , among other things , from April 1987 through October 1988 Capcom Futures failed to document trades between Capcom Futures and people or entities directly or indirectly controlled by Capcom Futures shareholders .
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July .
Total Assets Protection Inc. , rebounding from its earlier loss , expects to report earnings from operations of about $ 200,000 for the third quarter , J.C. Matlock , chairman , said .
MC SHIPPING Inc. , New York , declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30 .
`` If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago , the judicial process would n't be under the taint it is today . ''
`` Put your money in a good utility or bank stock , not a paper company , '' advises George Adler of Smith Barney .
IBM already participates in one industrywide effort to improve semiconductor-manufacturing techniques .
In the midst of a labor shortage , he proposes linking city subsidies to businesses to their record of hiring New York City residents .
Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Mr. Gould finds this oddly exhilarating ; like an existentialist of old , he views our contingency as `` a source of both freedom and consequent moral responsibility . ''
The project costs $ 46.8 million , and is intended to boost the company 's production capacity by 25 % to 34,500 metric tons of copper cathode a year .
The Soviet purchases are close to exceeding what some analysts had expected the Soviet Union to buy this fall , the season in which it usually buys much of the corn it imports from the U.S. .
Timothy Vincent , Petco chief executive officer , confirmed that Petco was withdrawing from the clearing business .
The two lawmakers sparred in a highly personal fashion , violating usual Senate decorum .
Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature ad-free educational programming similar to some public-TV shows , and the Educator 's Channel , which will offer instructional programming for teachers and school administrators and will be supported by advertising .
In testimony to the Senate securities subcommittee , Mr. Brady disputed the view of SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , who told a House panel Wednesday that he does n't want the ability to halt the markets .
Federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association , and a California regulator described an attempted `` whitewash '' by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall .
That 's how the stock-picking game is shaping up for the months ahead , according to money managers and a few brokers .
The commission believes that improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options for advertisers .
`` The stock was going no place and the earnings were so-so , '' said one .
`` We are trying to increase our flexibility , '' says Ellen E. Terry , a vice president at Ostrander Capital Management , the fund 's investment adviser .
( Ms. Bartlett would not discuss her garden for this article . )
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says .
As for property and casualty insurers , Moody 's said `` preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , '' but it `` raises concerns about potentially substantial risks '' longer-term .
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here .
-- Ralph Shaffer .
The 27-year-old coffee cartel had to be formally dissolved this summer .
But the yeast genetic apparatus is more like that of animals than the bacterial genetic apparatus .
`` It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup ' value of the shares and their market value . ''
Although ARCO 's head office , more than 300 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , Ms. Masaki-Schatz used the occasion to distribute a three-page memo of `` Earthquake Tips '' to 1,200 ARCO employees .
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . )
Many of the 31,329 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange 's most basic tenets , the concept of unlimited personal liability .
At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets .
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . ''
The ski industry hopes to increase the number of skiers by 3.5 million to about 21.7 million in the next five years with its latest ads and promotions .
Many in Washington say President Bush will have to raise taxes to pay for his war on drugs .
`` Transition '' is a reference to the company 's five-year restructuring effort .
Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism .
It 's quite likely we 're going to get repeats '' of the mid-October market shocks .
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 240-a-share offer for UAL in August triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline .
Meanwhile , Congress is cutting huge chunks out of the rest of the defense budget .
While KKR does n't control SCI TV which is unusual for a KKR investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than Mr. Gillett .
Maybe we recognize values the other guys do n't , '' Mr. Pilson says .
Assets of the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report jumped to $ 351.2 billion in the week ended Tuesday , the Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter said .
Though Mrs. Thatcher has pulled through other crises , supporters wonder if her steely , autocratic ways are the right formula today .
But the agency specifically did n't rule whether AT&T had the right to match offers by competitors if that means giving discounts not generally available to other phone users .
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds .
While his public statements have at times been confusing , Mr. Dinkins 's position papers have more consistently reflected anti-development sentiment .
The complaint alleges that the price is `` unfair and grossly inadequate '' and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a `` lockup '' of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids .
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson , resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters .
Says one city official : `` Everybody else had brought in the wagons and made their deal .
Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks .
`` It does n't mean anything -- it 's public-relations money . ''
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October , the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is , while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth .
By their constant readiness to advise all and sundry about federal budgetary matters the chairmen have encouraged the belief that fiscal policy and monetary policy are ingredients of a common stew , in which case it is natural that the Fed and the Treasury , and probably also the Congress , should be jointly engaged in stirring the pot .
This kind of theater was new to us .
Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park .
`` If they slip for 10 cents for 10 minutes , I 'll stop , '' he says .
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. say they use voice-activated systems to record and verify orders between salesmen and traders .
In Oakland , hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway .
The $ 2.38 billion Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust was established as part of A.H. Robins ' bankruptcy-reorganization plan to resolve injury claims arising from use of the shield .
He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , '' says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm .
In London , the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index jumped 34.6 points to close at its intraday high of 2170.1 .
There is some pain , when Lucy has the baby and `` did n't know she would feel like this '' and wants to keep the baby .
But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such : his own words reveal this psychological profile . ''
Among other things , the bill calls for a reorganization of the Justice Department .
Takeover-stock traders , stung by their huge losses in UAL stock , remained eager for some action by an outside catalyst following the collapse Oct. 13 of a $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out .
In an interview in the navy 's official weekly magazine Cols Bleus , the navy 's second-in-command , Adm. Yves Goupil , said the navy still intends to buy 86 Rafales as scheduled in the late 1990s and early 21st century .
Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products primarily made by Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp .
Keihin Electric Express Railway Co . ( Japan ) --
With Mr. Vila as host , `` This Old House '' became one of the Public Broadcasting Service 's top 10 programs , airing weekly on about 300 of the network 's stations and seen by an average of 12 million viewers .
Chemical and six other banks , along with First Boston , are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion .
Beverly Hills -- $ 110 million of civic center project certificates of participation , Series 1989 , via a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group .
`` But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , '' said Mr. Barnicle .
In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default .
The issue exploded this year after a Federal Bureau of Investigation operation led to charges of widespread trading abuses at the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange .
Yoshitoki Chino retains his title of chairman of Daiwa , Japan 's second-largest securities firm .
Already , scientists are developing tests based on the newly identified genes that , for the first time , can predict whether an otherwise healthy individual is likely to get cancer .
After watching interest in the sport plummet for years , the ski industry is trying to give itself a lift .
The Senate will probably vote not long afterward .
`` In the near future , it will be a big market , not just for waterworks , but for all mapping systems , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said .
`` The pricing will become more realistic , which should help management , '' said Bruce Rosenthal , a New York investment banker with Nathan S. Jonas & Co .
If a compromise ca n't be reached , the pilots maintain they can do a transaction without the support of the machinists .
It was an ideal place for the Orange Workers to start their new nation , unencumbered by the demographics that have undermined apartheid elsewhere in South Africa .
Along the way , the quake toppled a mall in Santa Cruz , knocked down buildings in San Francisco 's fashionable Marina District and sent a wall of bricks crashing on motorists in the city 's Financial District .
In Armonk , N.Y. , an IBM spokeswoman confirmed that IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week but declined to elaborate .
Grumman Corp. won a $ 58.9 million Navy contract for 12 F-14 aircraft .
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful .
Adds Ms. Messinger , who is expected to win the borough president 's job Mr. Dinkins is vacating , `` You have to remember David is a pragmatist . ''
`` Those devices do n't give sufficient certainty to our bosses in Japan , '' says Yasuo Nakamura , representative of the Industrial Bank of Japan .
Many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained .
Depending on the size of the gain and the rate of inflation , indexation can mean a lower tax payment than using the 19.6 % rate without indexation .
Mr. Carter said he would go to war to stop anyone from trying to grab Iran .
Ciba Corning , which had been a 50-50 venture between Basel-based Ciba-Geigy and Corning , has annual sales of about $ 300 million , the announcement said .
Mrs. Hoffman says that dramatization `` makes the truth flexible .
It was down a little .
But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf , where it has a commanding 70 % share of the market .
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period .
Mr. Allen 's commissioners voted to call his unread speech `` thoughtless , disgusting and unnecessarily inflammatory . ''
Mr. Thompson is believed to have a mandate from the board of directors to help improve the Merc 's tarnished reputation as an exchange whose floor traders do n't follow the rules very well .
Japanese involvement in American publishing has been so small to date that magazines such as Business Tokyo are considered groundbreakers .
The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration , but it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds .
But several other traders contend investors have overreacted to junk-bond jitters , and that stock prices will continue to recover .
Although profits were `` squeezed '' in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Shearson shares lost 37.5 cents to $ 18.125 .
With the $ 3 million received from investors , he took frequent junkets with friends to exotic locales and leased an expensive BMW for his girlfriend , whom he met at the shop where he got his custom-tailored suits .
In a statement , the company said : `` Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies .
A labor chief speaks sardonically of having to `` man and woman '' Election Day phones .
Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices .
`` The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions , '' meaning securities firms figured out ways to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board 's electronic trading system , Mr. Phelan said .
WHEN AN IRA OWNER dies , the trustee of the individual retirement account must file forms 5498 reporting market values relating to the decedent and each beneficiary , with copies to the executor and beneficiaries .
`` We now see pro-choice legislators going on the offensive for the first time , '' says Kate Michelman , executive director of the group .
In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .
ABC 's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area .
Also approved was a plan to trade stock portfolios by computer after regular hours on the Midwest Stock Exchange .
But even that goal may prove optimistic .
`` It 's been a bad month money-wise and every other way , '' said Sally Stewart , a spokeswoman for the Red Cross .
Critics contend that traders were putting buying or selling for their own accounts ahead of other traders ' customer orders .
A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys and a lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds .
WCRS Group , for its part , will now be able to follow its longstanding plan of becoming `` a holding company for a series of media-related businesses , '' said Peter Scott , the firm 's chief executive .
In September , DWG , a Miami Beach , Fla. , holding company controlled by financeer Victor Posner , rejected an offer from a group of Arby 's franchisees to acquire Arby 's for $ 200 million .
Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected .
Most of us have to spend our time on pursuits that afford neither , drab duties rather than pleasures .
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy .
He has canceled numerous campaign appointments and was largely inaccessible to the media until the stock story broke .
Nomura was attempting to organize the 50 billion-yen ( $ 352 million ) borrowing in Japan at a time when many Japanese banks , led by Industrial Bank of Japan , were pressuring the Wellington government to help them recover loans made to a defunct investment bank that had been owned by New Zealand 's civil-service pension fund .
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security .
And the majority of Members cynically view the current discrediting of HUD as mainly a chance to shove through their own slate of projects .
`` They are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high-technology stocks , '' said Robin West , director of research for Ladenburg Thalmann 's Lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks .
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 .
One especially coveted Specialized market the new players are targeting is mountain-bike accessories , which Mr. Eidsmo calls `` the future of our business . ''
The fiscal 1989 budget deficit figure came out Friday .
The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments .
In the U.S. , radiation limits are set and monitored by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , which licenses reactors that process the topaz .
`` The overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries and Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , '' says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville .
It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies .
`` It shows that there are buyers of high-quality assets at high prices in today 's market , '' said Robert Long , managing director and head of the high-yield research department at First Boston Corp .
A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall .
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates .
In the end politics got in the way .
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes .
From 1984 to 1987 , its earnings soared six-fold , to $ 3.8 million , on a seven-fold increase in revenue , to $ 44.1 million .
`` This time we do n't really have to worry about Tokyo , '' said an official at Daiwa Securities Co .
This month 's Friday-the-13th market plunge spurred by UAL news was n't as bad for the Jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action .
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation .
`` So when there 's talk and concern about the economy , it 's not unreasonable for a portion of the buying public to defer purchases . ''
He says the airline is putting its faith in the Sino-British agreement on Hong Kong 's return to China .
Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million of government bonds maturing Nov. 1 and for general government purposes .
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . ''
The Wiedemann division was one of three businesses put up for sale in Cross & Trecker 's restructuring program announced in July .
Mr. Meek said that a day or two before Lincoln 's parent entered bankruptcy proceedings , he and other examiners saw `` a truck with a sign on it that said it was from the ` Document Destruction Center . '
Meanwhile , Boeing officials and representatives of the Machinists union met separately last night with a federal mediator in an attempt to break the month-old strike that has shut the aerospace giant 's assembly lines at a time when it has an $ 80 billion backlog of jetliner orders .
American Cyanamid Co. -- 1,250,000 common shares , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Spiegel promises a `` Guaranteed Christmas , '' with a pledge to deliver goods before Christmas if ordered by Dec. 20 .
Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption .
The restaurant operator had 32.2 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 29 .
In the 12 months ended in September , wages and salaries of private-sector workers rose 4.4 % , while health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % .
Harsco produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets .
Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd .
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short-term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities .
The results ca n't be extrapolated to all investors , though .
In an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods .
Radio Shack says it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally .
But other figures are surprising .
At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake , and the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential and 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area .
Take Cleveland .
East Germany 's new leader met with Lutheran Church officials to discuss a growing opposition movement demanding democratic freedoms .
Meanwhile , sterling slumped on news that the United Kingdom posted a wider-than-expected trade deficit in September .
Tandy said consumer electronics sales at its Radio Shack stores have been slow , partly because of a lack of hot , new products .
DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .
`` It 's just going to be sloppy , both on our side and theirs { the Warsaw Pact 's } , '' says one NATO analyst .
The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake .
`` For example , Warner made more than $ 100 million from filmed entertainment in three months .
Many groups are n't waiting that long .
a tragicomic monologue by an idealistic , not unheroic , though sadly self-deceived English butler in his sixties -- proceeds as if the realistic English novel of manners , like Britannia herself , still ruled the waves .
The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth .
As thrifts sell assets to improve their capital-to-asset ratio , as required under the new law passed in August , they must also reduce liabilities , such as deposits .
Chez Panisse , whose founder , Alice Waters , is considered the inventor of the cooking style known as California cuisine and whose patrons make reservations a month in advance , has n't exactly subjected diners to vanilla ice cream because of the theft .
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope .
Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with Kawasaki Steel Corp .
And the Second Law , unique to insurance ?
When this plan met resistance , it was agreed instead to take money from HUD to subsidize needed improvements in two settling ponds for the mills , which employ an estimated 1,500 workers , according to Mr. Inouye 's office .
The Bush administration said it is submitting a `` comprehensive '' proposal for overhauling agricultural trade that could help break an impasse in the current round of multilateral trade negotiations .
The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities .
Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill .
Messrs. Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards .
If nothing else , the 57-year-old 's past has its share of dents .
But some money managers are doing just that .
For instance , December contracts for WTI rose 17 cents to $ 20.42 .
Mr. Cawthorn said in an interview that sales will show an increase from a year ago of `` somewhat less than 10 % . ''
Analog also said that a one million share buy-back program announced in March is substantially complete .
Most of the plans have reduced bids in case the plant fails to get a license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
Spiegel said margins improved because its inventory position this year did n't need the costly markdowns required to trim last year 's swollen levels .
I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject . ''
Last year , the company had a nine-month loss of $ 15.1 million , or 23 cents a share .
The internationalization of the industry has been hastened by foreign companies ' acquisitions of many U.S. producers .
For the nine months , Arco reported net income of $ 1.6 billion , or $ 8.87 a share , up 33 % from $ 1.2 billion , or $ 6.56 a share a year earlier .
The move is the biggest salvo yet in the renewed outcry against program trading , with Kemper putting its money -- the millions of dollars in commissions it generates each year -- where its mouth is .
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) .
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall .
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' ( 1958 ) , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work .
Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community .
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings .
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings .
And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors .
And he has worked to shed his raider image .
The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control .
The associations would like the court to include between three and six judges with specialized training .
The calls reached many , but certainly not all , of the publicly held companies with operations in the area .
After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields .
The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day at 449.89 , lost 2 % at one point , and was up 0.4 % at another .
The appetite for oil-service stocks has been especially strong , although some got hit yesterday when Shearson Lehman Hutton cut its short-term investment ratings on them .
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years , each time issuing a similar regulatory statement .
If psychics do n't work , but your house still seems haunted , you can call any one of a swelling band of skeptics such as Richard Busch .
The vaccine is effective in preventing a disease that still afflicts about 60 million children a year world-wide , causing an estimated one million deaths .
Our copy of Racine ( Wis . ) Labor comes through the mail wrapped around two sections of Baseball Card News .
Mrs. Thatcher 's remarks were seen as a rebuff to several leading members of her own Conservative Party who have called for a more clear-cut British commitment to the EMS .
RICHMOND RESIGNATIONS :
That 's why `` we have been working hard to develop a single , more unified presence in Europe , '' said A.J.C. Smith , Marsh & McLennan 's president , at a London news conference yesterday .
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around .
An average 102.5 million common shares were outstanding in the latest quarter , up from 87.1 million .
In 1980 , Mr. Guber got together with Mr. Peters , by then a successful producer in his own right , after the death of Mr. Bogart .
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North .
Leading construction companies also attracted interest for their strong earnings outlooks , traders said .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 .
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . ''
Whitbread bought the Beefeater distillery two years ago for # 174.5 million .
Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable .
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate .
Production in Shanghai , China 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % for the month .
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods .
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81 .
I doubt that .
The filing said Petrie Stores of Secaucus , N.J. , is purchasing Mr. Petrie 's Deb Shops stake as an investment .
Administration officials said a date for Ms. Hesse 's departure has n't been set .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Soo Line shares jumped well above the proposed price , closing at $ 20.25 , up $ 2.75 .
Once { asbestos } is released into the environment , it can lodge anywhere , '' says Richard A. Dennis , the assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the case .
Here is an example .
Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included First Executive , Intel , Campeau and LIN Broadcasting .
But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed .
Jaguar assumed its recently customary place on the OTC most active list as its American depository receipts gained 1\/4 to 11 7\/8 on volume of 1.2 million shares and Daimler-Benz joined the list of companies interested in the British car maker .
A lot of car alarms went off .
Traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender .
Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school , Mr. Whittle said .
In France , Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions ; Suez last month acquired control of Groupe Victoire , the sixth-largest European insurance company , after a takeover battle with Cie . Industrielle .
As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege .
At about 10:40 a.m. EDT , several big buy orders hit the S&P pit simultaneously , lifting the futures up out of the trading limit and eventually into ranges that caused computer-driven program buying of stocks .
Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
And no one was shouting .
He added that `` there 's no quick-fix solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . ''
The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a `` middle way '' between the extremes of success and failure , wealth and poverty .
Also unlike Mr. Ruder , Mr. Breeden appears to be in a position to get somewhere with his agenda .
`` Capital spending and exports , which have been the driving force in this expansion , are showing clear signs of having the steam taken out of them , '' said Robert Dederick , economist for Northern Trust Co. in Chicago .
At age 19 , she was a Paris sensation , transformed from unwanted child to international sex symbol in just over a decade .
Sales rose 4.2 % to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.2 billion .
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said .
Unfortunately , all those estimates came before airline industry fundamentals deteriorated during the past month .
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.83 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
They are still being sold , but more and more often as `` direct investments '' -- with all the same risks they had under the old label .
And taxpayer groups are urging legislation in many other states .
Institut Merieux 's bid for Toronto-based Connaught has run into problems with the Canadian government , which told Merieux last week that it was n't convinced that the proposed acquisition would be of `` net benefit '' to Canada .
Despite the junk market 's problems , Drexel continues to enjoy a loyalty among junk bond investors that its Wall Street rivals have n't found .
They now are experimenting with measuring blood flow .
`` One possible explanation for this decline '' in taking cases to trial , says Mr. Burnham , `` is that the number of defendants being charged with crimes by all U.S. attorneys has substantially increased . ''
These bacterial `` cousins '' ordinarily do n't make the toxin .
The drug czar claimed that enforcement efforts are working here , `` albeit at a slower and more halting pace than we would like . ''
Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich .
Soon after the release of the U.S. trade figures , the dollar plunged to an intraday low of 140.95 yen .
It traded as high as $ 64 a month ago , before the loss projection .
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals .
Where had all the money come from ?
There are six video rental shops , three restaurants , one cinema and 34 sports and recreation clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling .
They estimate the value of the transaction at close to $ 100 million .
Interest during first year paid semiannually at 7.51 % .
He declined to elaborate .
Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million .
Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights .
Hubert Pedroli , managing director of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse in New York , adds , `` The market sees this as the last piece of good news . ''
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
`` Eight years I 've had it .
Whatever may be the problems with this system , it scarcely reflects `` zero risk '' or `` zero discharge . ''
According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ; an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ; and two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , and William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each .
And with its new venture with Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , announced last week , it is poised to penetrate growing markets overseas .
The percentage change is since year-end .
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group .
They say the broker took them out for lunch frequently .
While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink .
Loud rock music accompanies all the scene changes , even those in the convent .
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal .
Owning the Cowboys has bought him entree to a glitzy life that drilling for oil in Arkansas just did n't provide .
So , some see a special irony in the fact that Mr. Steinhardt , the trader , now is encumbered with a massive , illiquid airline holding .
According to Mr. Korotich , who was present , Mr. Gorbachev 's publicized tongue-lashing of the press on Oct. 13 was more of a plea : `` Be careful boys ; use good judgment .
In addition , Tandy will acquire rights to the Victor and Micronic names for computers .
So far there is little to show for such efforts .
A Kodak spokesman declined to disclose the potential value of the contract , which is still in negotiation .
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
`` She wants things to be exciting .
He added that , while there has n't been any official announcement as yet , the Highland Valley mine strike in British Columbia , which has lasted more than three months , is regarded as settled .
State investigators dispute that view now , particularly in light of the judge 's various business dealings in Cambria County .
The New York Stock Exchange is expected to launch its own program trading vehicle today , just as controversy over this trading strategy heats up .
`` If we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life .
The loss of 40 jobs by a depressed county in rural Missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : If the most environmentally safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in Atchinson County , what hope have we for dealing with the wastes our economy produces ?
The number of people registered as jobless at the end of October declined by 900 from September to 78,600 .
Caltrans abandoned double-decking in the early 1970s , following the 1971 Sylmar earthquake that destroyed freeway sections just north of Los Angeles , Mr. O'Connell explained .
Rather than printing devils , Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market .
`` We still have serious differences with the text , '' a British official said , because it provides for a `` regulation of the labor market . ''
Texas Air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said .
Banks indicated they were operating at greater than 90 % of their usual capacity , but a Nob Hill hotel said tourists had fled , leaving the previously full hotel with an 80 % vacancy rate .
A spokesman cited a `` technical error '' and declined to elaborate .
Mr. Lang surprised Time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates individually with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers .
Questioned in Washington about what would happen if his much-heralded peace plan would fail , President Arias voiced expectations of direct U.S. action .
He could develop the beach through a trust , but instead is trying have his grandson become a naturalized Mexican so his family gains direct control .
`` To me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago . ''
On my four-mile drive to farm headquarters each morning , I drive by another four empty houses .
In early trading in Tokyo Wednesday , the Nikkei index rose 17.92 points to 35544.47 .
Money-making course : wad-working .
Copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 1.19 to $ 1.34 .
`` I do n't know of any living ballplayer that 's ever done it , '' says Jack Smalling , a dealer in Ames , Iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball autographs .
Offices were set up in San Francisco and San Jose .
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman .
Suddenly , I am not a comfortable man for Solidarity .
In addition , the tax-collecting agency says that it will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances and a chief information officer to update the information system , which includes probably the largest computer data base in the world .
Mr. Mastro has been with the New York U.S. attorney 's office for nearly five years .
A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , and at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead .
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities .
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . ''
Campeau Corp. , the chain 's owner , declined to comment on the report .
RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say they have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead .
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause .
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .
Mr. Guzman Cabrera and government officials insist that foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products .
Malaysia 's Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad sniffed , `` If everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot , you are out of step . ''
But the general trend , given rising costs in the league , has been to raise prices , and Mr. Jones is expected to eventually follow suit .
Today , for example , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. said they expect to price a $ 150 million , 12-year senior subordinated debenture offering by Imo Industries Inc .
Both executives left the company after clashes with Chairman Ralph Ingersoll Jr .
Among other services , the firm provides pre-trial opinion polls , creates profiles of `` ideal '' jurors , sets up mock trials and `` shadow '' juries , coaches lawyers and witnesses , and designs courtroom graphics .
The costs of crime may also be enough to destroy a struggling business .
That would hold spending on the program at about the previous year 's level .
In Tokyo on Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.95 yen , up from Friday 's Tokyo close of 141.35 yen .
Mourning for the father is overshadowed by the shame of burying him in a pauper 's grave .
To date , we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations .
The Galileo project started in 1977 , and a number of project veterans were on hand to watch the launch .
Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency .
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 protection in August and has also announced its intention to sell its B. Altman & Co. department store chain .
West Germany 's biggest union , IG Metall , said it is ready to back demands for more pay and shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries .
There were no details available on the pricing of the issue , Freddie Mac 's Series 108 .
In the six months since the current fiscal year began April 1 , the surplus totaled # 500 million , compared with a surplus of # 3.6 billion in the year-earlier period .
The Amex Market Value Index fell 1.25 to 375.16 .
Jaguar figures a friendly alliance with GM will fend off unwelcome advances from Ford Motor Co .
Atone
Volume 164,830,000 shares .
The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings .
Ronald Sloan , executive vice president of Siebel Capital Management , likes Wellman Inc. , a company that recycles plastic into synthetic fibers for carpeting .
Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as `` ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament '' and `` the impact of the activities of transnational corporations . ''
Under the new Northeast Utilities plan , it would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds .
Ms. Bartlett blithely suggested calling upon `` semi-skilled garden club workers for maintenance . ''
Specially trained IRS agents will look for under-reported income and unsupported deductions and credits .
Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland .
That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings .
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 32.71 to 1230.80 amid renewed weakness in the airline sector .
Brokerage houses jumped in , touting `` post-quake demand '' stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds .
That is n't easy .
Last Monday , he started `` buying the high-quality growth companies that people were throwing away at discount prices . ''
On Monday , for instance , Howard Ward , a principal at Scudder , Stevens & Clark , found that `` you could n't buy blue-chips at quoted prices without paying up . ''
But regulators this week said futures-exchange officials still have a way to go before they answer all the remaining detailed questions about the contract .
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
Sales were $ 623 million , up 0.5 % from $ 619.8 million a year ago .
Yet the chief reason for the closure , he says , was rooted in a family tradition that would n't allow a bank to bear the Rothschild name without a Rothschild in its management .
But I still think the fundamentals are poor , '' said Denise Gilbert , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco .
All the numbers are adjusted for seasonal fluctuations .
`` Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , '' said Robert F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive .
The Dow average now stands more than 20 % higher , while Renaissance 's portfolio of Treasurys produced a return of about 6 % through the first three quarters of the year .
Mortgage-Backed Securities
The second marital privilege cited by Mrs. Marcos protects confidential communications between spouses .
A former vice president of the Singapore branch of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. was charged in court yesterday on 19 counts of cheating .
The judge , suspended from his bench pending his trial , which began this week , vehemently denies all the allegations against him , calling them `` ludicrous '' and `` imaginative , political demagoguery . ''
The new Mips machine , called the RC6280 , will cost $ 150,000 for a basic system .
What 's more , a Hong Kong textile trader says , some Chinese exporters from state-run enterprises are protesting the crackdown by dragging their feet on soliciting new business .
The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO 's Comedy Channel .
In any case , supplies to patients wo n't be interrupted , the company added .
Iran 's President Rafsanjani offered to help gain freedom for Western hostages in Lebanon , but said the assistance was contingent on U.S. aid in resolving the cases of three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon in 1982 or the release of frozen Iranian assets .
The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share .
One rare example of a time-limited poison pill is the shareholder rights plan adopted by Pennzoil last year after it received a huge litigation settlement from Texaco .
Dr. Blumenfeld is n't unique .
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt .
`` I 'm sure they 'll formulate a reform that will be a recipe for the GDR 's future as a separately identifiable state , '' says Michael Simmons , a British journalist whose book on East Germany , entitled `` The Unloved Country , '' was published this month .
Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely .
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts .
For example , he says , the company is planning to go nationwide with a new service , tested in parts of the country , aimed at taxpayers who want refunds in a hurry .
The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers .
In late New York trading the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen Friday .
`` We are seeing such exercises today , in fact .
Kidder Peabody became the most recent firm to swear off stock-index arbitrage trading for its own account , and Merrill Lynch late yesterday took the major step of renouncing the trading strategy even for its clients .
The Soviet newspaper Trud reported that Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book to be issued four times a year by Soviet publisher Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark 's Gutenberghus Group .
Municipal Issues
The first analyst said that the Japanese , as well as the Chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in London , but that this purchasing has since slackened as the supply situation , at least over the long term , appears to have improved .
Federal investigators have determined a metallurgical flaw that developed during the making of an engine disk led to the July crash of a United Airlines jetliner in Sioux City , Iowa , killing 112 people .
In early trading Wednesday in Tokyo , the Nikkei index rose 19.30 points to 35015.38 .
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded .
A man gunned down by a stray bullet while cycling to work carries , after his death , the official stigma of `` counterrevolutionary , '' his wife says .
`` Next year , earnings will hold steady , but we just do n't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising . ''
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
But even in his front-runner campaign , he has shown signs of the indecisiveness and confusion that some say has plagued his tenure as Manhattan borough president -- and might hinder him as mayor .
The company also changed its dividend policy , under which holders had received an annual 10 cents-a-share payment , by declaring a four-cents-a-share dividend , to be paid quarterly on post-split shares .
Some money managers are disenchanted with H&R Block because they suspect the company 's glory days are past , or at least passing .
This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed .
National Convenience Stores Inc. , trying to shake the doldrums in the convenience-store business , said it will rearrange the merchandise in all of its stores in the next 18 months to cater better to the neighborhoods around its stores .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.42 % 60 days ; 8.25 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8.02 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days .
On Friday , the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor 's 500 futures contract -- a `` circuit breaker '' procedure instituted after the 1987 crash and implemented for the first time .
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market .
When a caller reaches Telelawyer by dialing 900-TELELAW , a receptionist refers the call to one of six attorneys .
The state of Illinois is suing the charity for fraud in Chicago , along with Telesystems Marketing Inc. , its Houston-based fund raiser .
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes .
Some stock pickers already are targeting the OTC market , where , they say , await plenty of small - and medium-sized growth stocks .
The company complains that it paid $ 10 million to non-Humana hospitals in its latest fiscal year for services provided to its insurance plan members .
The company said aerospace and defense sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , and operating profit climbed 6 % to $ 61 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft and advanced-technology contracts .
In offices , triphosphorous bulbs simulate daylight .
You talk of times of peace for all , and then prepare for war . ''
Until then , options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market , mostly in New York , and in an almost invisible secondary market operating chiefly by telephone .
`` This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee , '' he said .
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction .
The chain currently has 90 retail outlets in Japan , seven in the U.S. , three in Hong Kong and a dozen more scattered around the globe .
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly .
Its 1.7 million-share offering was priced at 15 .
Average annual earnings of those who have hung on , though , surged to $ 78,625 last year from $ 69,553 in 1987 .
Allianz also suggested , without saying so directly , that it regrets that Paribas is n't bidding for all of Navigation Mixte 's shares .
As you can see , the capital-gains reduction plan adopted by the House would not be temporary , but permanent .
Bernard Savaiko , senior commodities analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , said that when traders saw the market was n't reacting positively to the forecasts of lower LME stocks , they perceived a bearish sign .
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning .
Says Mr. Riese of National Restaurants : `` If you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise .
The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in Japan in the past few days , that the drop in New York was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. .
The company also named Michael E. Gellert , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant seat of chairman .
Four of those insiders sold more than half their holdings .
An FDA spokesperson said the drugs are still available under other brand names .
One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt : It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists .
Shareholders of Central , a bank holding company based in Sterling , Ill. , will receive Amcore stock equal to 10 times Central 's 1989 earnings , Amcore said .
One section of the bill would make all commodity brokerage firms and floor brokers liable for damages without willful misconduct .
This is the 11th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents .
For the most part , the changes were `` slight . ''
`` I think that 's the first nonstop commercial passenger flight from Japan to land here , '' an airport spokesman said .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3 % of estimated world market capitalization of $ 9.671 trillion .
Among those are the 1,850 acres in the San Francisco Bay area , including 208 acres in the Mission Bay area .
The White House has decided to push for changes in pesticide law that are designed to speed the removal of harmful chemicals from the nation 's food supply .
Clearly , the central figure in this process is Egon Krenz .
ITT 's Hartford Insurance Group had a $ 53 million quarterly pretax loss from Hurricane Hugo , ITT said .
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns .
`` I do n't think we do now , '' he says .
Based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share , Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares , or about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding .
The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris .
ANACOMP INC. , Indianapolis , NYSE , said its Xidex Corp. unit , a Sunnyvale maker of computer disks and microfilm with annual sales of $ 637 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational .
He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance and less on glitz .
ABB said the contract , signed with the Dutch utility N.V . Energieproduktiebedrijf UNA , is valued in excess of $ 200 million .
While many commentators , particularly French ones , worry that hasty and emotional reaction to the changes in the East might lead to dangerous pressures for a denuclearized Europe or the speeded-up withdrawal of American troops , Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario .
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ?
Rebuilding that team , Mr. Lee predicted , will take another 10 years .
Call it disaster marketing .
Under the program , dubbed Chivas Class , customers who send in two labels from Chivas bottles will receive an upgrade in seating class on some Trans World Airlines flights .
Executives universally believe workers should know their employer-sponsored benefits .
And some even do it with malice aforethought .
Britain said it would waive its `` golden share '' in the luxury auto maker if shareholders vote to allow a suitor to acquire more than 15 % of the company .
Nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in Big Board composite trading .
This measure had dropped sharply in August .
Still others say , Why not take a chance on a high-octane growth fund ?
But the dollar was mixed .
In the case of stock-index and interest-rate futures , the instruments are given an underlying cash value and are settled in cash . }
Cost is a key consideration because of the global sweep of the financial markets .
Total operating profit fell 3.1 % to 486.1 billion yen from 501.61 billion yen .
It might be feared that even thinking about lower budgets will hurt national security because the door will be opened to opportunistic budget cutting by an irresponsible Congress .
The split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the San Diego Yacht Club should be allowed to keep the international trophy for sailing a catamaran against the New Zealand challengers ' 90-foot monohull .
Separately , on the Pacific Stock Exchange , put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading .
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap .
At the opening of the New York Mercantile Exchange , West Texas Intermediate for November delivery shot up 10 cents a barrel , to $ 20.85 , still on the belief that the refineries were damaged .
But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory .
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam , the world 's second-largest ad agency , according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age .
Right now he takes people out to fish in the bays behind the barrier islands that curve for hundreds of miles along the eastern coast of Texas , enclosing milky green lagoons behind ridges of sand and grassy scrub that rim the deep blue of the Gulf beyond .
Fees 1 7\/8 .
Some buildings collapsed , gas and water lines ruptured and fires raged .
The increase is on the base price , which is already being discounted by virtually all steel producers .
In `` Mad Rush , '' which came from a commission to write a piece of indeterminate length ( Mr. Glass charmingly , and tellingly , confessed that `` this was no problem for me '' ) , an A section alternates with a B section several times before the piece ends unresolved .
Construction shares that gained included Shimizu , which rose 130 to 2,080 .
Eric C. Meltzer
Business : Luxury cars
IN SIZING UP the risks of stock-market investments , there 's probably no starting place better than `` beta . ''
Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies .
`` People are naturally suspicious of them , '' says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley .
The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable .
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
PRECIOUS METALS :
I looked at my watch .
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; John Pagones , a former vice president ; and Stephen Vadas and Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis .
Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry .
As that system grows , larger computers may be needed .
The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market .
AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX .
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term .
On average , however , three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago .
Net income fell 8.6 % to $ 37.1 million , or $ 1.43 a share , from $ 40.6 million , or $ 1.56 a share .
It 's also widespread for reservations clerks in the airline , car-rental , hotel and railroad industries .
Because of their longstanding rivalry , GM just `` wants to make sure Ford pays a huge packet for ( Jaguar ) , '' said John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute .
Mr. Rubenstein said the five , who were n't on Shea & Gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . ''
Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level .
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares
Some maintain underwriters also have been inept .
Great American Bank , citing depressed Arizona real estate prices , posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million , or $ 2.48 a share .
National Patent Development Corp. said it plans to purchase as many as 200,000 common shares of its 81%-controlled Interferon Sciences Inc. unit in periodic , open-market purchases .
But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot .
Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' chairman , said he had n't yet seen the filing and could n't comment .
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future .
Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer .
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months .
Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs .
In New York , Roger Killion , a Hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects OTC trading at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco .
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down .
And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day .
Poverty remains far more widespread among blacks than other Americans .
So the U.S. found itself paying about $ 2 billion in baksheesh to various Arab potentates for basing rights around the Indian Ocean .
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % , 13 weeks ; 7.62 % , 26 weeks .
He also reaffirmed East Germany 's allegiance to Communist orthodoxy .
Fed officials probably wo n't drive down rates immediately , Mr. Keith said .
Chairman Robert McClements Jr. said the synthetic crude oil production from the facility rose even as the price for that oil increased .
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations .
The Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office stressed criminal cases from 1980 to 1987 , averaging 43 for every 100,000 adults .
The less-self-confident Czechoslovaks and Bulgarians , in contrast , declared their intentions to reform , while doing nothing concrete about it .
John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired .
What if the only system that does work is so expensive that , at best , only the largest exchanges can afford it ?
`` We do not come to this House asking for any handout , '' said the California Democrat .
The company previously said that the recent acquisition of Mobile Communications Corp. of America would dilute 1989 earnings by about 3 % .
A special committee of United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board .
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route .
Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis and 2.7 % year on year .
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets .
About $ 190 million were offered through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Whitehall cited concerns about how long Integrated would be able to hold together the sales force as one reason its talks with Integrated failed .
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season , 730 responded .
But that does n't mean I 'm not going to get angry . ''
Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing .
Long considered a potential takeover target , Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders .
The federal Office of Thrift Supervision approved the conversion last Friday , HomeFed said .
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . ''
But the new lens became the eye of a storm .
Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image .
In fact , however , Mr. Reagan 's casual debasement of the office he so recently held raises issues about which Americans can actually do something .
Unincorporated Business : Partnerships and sole proprietorships , professional corporations .
The sweep by the A's , whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants , will only make things worse for ABC , owned by Capital Cities\/ABC Inc .
Cathay is working to promote Hong Kong as a destination worth visiting on its own merits , rather than just a stopover .
But he reiterated the bank 's position that it is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion , covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding .
The dollar weakened in indecisive trading as foreign-exchange dealers awaited fresh economic news that they hope will jolt the U.S. unit out of its narrow ranges .
After all , he had the counsel of `` curators from the most reputable museums in the world . ''
Normally , a company pays a portion of the total cost of a ship as it reaches various stages of construction .
Last Thursday , Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report , citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business .
Other institutional users reportedly include Marriott , which is moving away from fresh eggs on a region-by-region basis .
Bankers Trust added $ 1.6 billion to reserves for Third World loans , the latest big bank to take such a step .
Hooker is based in Sydney , Australia .
It has been rightly observed that the main thing wrong with tainted money is , t' ai nt enough of it .
Nine-month sales grew 12 % to $ 3.39 billion from $ 3.03 billion a year earlier .
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists .
He also said tragic results could follow any `` hint of weakening '' of the U.S. defense commitment to Seoul .
The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc .
Federal child care ( quack ) .
Base Data
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time .
Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London .
So when next year 's psyllium crop is harvested in March , it may be smaller than the 16,000 metric tons of the past few years -- right at the crest of the psyllium boom .
They argue that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support to the dollar .
B.F. Goodrich dropped 1 3\/8 to 49 1\/8 .
The house just settled right down into the ground .
The notes became burdensome when reset provisions allowed their interest rate to be raised to 19.25 % last June .
Security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % .
But he did fly to Panama to scold dictator Torrijos on the drug ties of Panamanian officials , including Mr. Noriega .
December silver was off 3.7 cents an ounce at $ 5.2830 .
Research shows AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , 1,859 of whom are known to have been infected .
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems .
Mobil officials said that it is unlikely any additional charges related to this move will be taken in future quarters .
Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge .
The council plans to release its regional reports monthly .
Mr. Patel agrees : `` There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds .
The Financial Times 30-share index settled 27.8 points higher at 1758.5 .
Conrail
Clinton Gas Systems Inc. said it received a contract from Timken Co. , Canton , Ohio , to manage the natural gas purchasing , scheduling and transportation activities for Timken 's seven Ohio and two Pennsylvania plants .
Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control .
From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series .
But some economists and government officials here are n't applauding .
As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions .
His appointment expands the board to 13 members .
`` This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company , '' said Mips Vice President John Hime .
That leaves the state roughly $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion short .
Asked how he made charitable gifts of $ 26,350 out of reported two-year income of $ 46,892 , Thomas H. McFall of Bryan , Texas , told the Tax Court he had understated his income .
Your story was tasteless and insensitive .
The company said its quarterly results are now being publicly filed as the result of the formation earlier this year of employee stock investment plans .
-- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to assume Mr. Edelson 's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products , including swaps and interest-rate options .
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis , Ind. , company rose 11 % to $ 1.045 billion from $ 940.6 million .
Instead of flooding the entire economy with liquidity , and thereby increasing the danger of inflation , the Fed could support the stock market directly by buying market averages in the futures market , thus stabilizing the market as a whole .
Yet the evidence that we have not hit bottom is found in the fact that we are not yet helping ourselves .
He assumed that principal and interest were `` fully insured up to $ 100,000 , '' he adds .
`` Having to take on less debt would certainly be an advantage , '' said Mr. Leblang .
For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty , and now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media and our Democratic Congress .
Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments .
Asked whether there is anything Congress should do to curb the LBO boom , Mr. Brady responded , `` I think the LBO phenomenon , ( while ) it wo n't stop completely , will be a thing of the past . ''
Mr. Roberti concedes that since the $ 750 million takeover , `` sales growth has n't been dramatic . ''
Investor interest in stock funds `` has n't stalled at all , '' Mr. Hines maintains .
Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire .
Revenue doubled from two years ago .
The holding company said the rights offering should reduce its C$ 171 million debt to `` more manageable levels '' before Dec. 31 and allow it to finance future investments with equity capital .
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % .
Its greatest drawback may be its 3-inch thickness , big enough for one consultant to describe it as `` clunky . ''
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind .
The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 .
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates .
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day .
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up .
DPC , an investor group led by New York-based Crescott Investment Associates , had itself filed a suit in state court in Los Angeles seeking to nullify the agreement .
During the coup attempt and its aftermath , NSC staffers were `` stretched very thin , '' says one senior administration official .
One of the leaders behind the expanded use of 900 numbers is Call Interactive , a joint venture of giants American Express Co. and American Telephone & Telegraph Co .
Now you discover that you never learned the most important lesson : How to send your kids to college .
Newspapers are full of headlines about companies defaulting on their debts and banks writing off real estate loans .
I 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home .
`` The Beginning and the End , '' easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's `` realistic '' period and it is the one for which he is most renowned .
The loan was to have matured in just two to three years , as soon as construction was completed .
Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed .
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
In the multipart offering , the company sold a portion of secured notes but shelved all the unsecured notes .
Later that month , it added an entire tank brigade , including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles .
Indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` tall pawn , '' as spectators snidely put it .
He has been a Bearings director since 1985 .
Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control .
New York City 's revised financial plan , due out later this month , is expected to include measures to balance the city 's $ 27 billion budget .
S.G. Warburg , also mentioned in the rumor mill , jumped 14 at to 414 .
This year , a commission appointed by the mayor to revise New York 's system of government completed a new charter , expanding the City Council to 51 from 35 members .
In the third quarter last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million .
It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % .
Trading in futures and options , some people believe , can add to volatility .
The issue was oversubscribed and `` doing very well , '' according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley .
a - reflects 2-for-1 stock split effective Dec. 30 , 1988 .
So far though , no one -- not even former U.S. attorney Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law Mr. Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded .
Higher earnings helped some issues .
But you knew that , did n't you ?
The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 .
However , the phenomenon is not specifically Jewish .
Initial interest rate set at 0.375 point over three-month Libor .
Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected .
A few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why Asians who arrive in this country without any money , and unable to speak English , become overnight successes .
When he met with Mr. Bush on his return , Mr. Lee says , he told the president that the Chinese `` made statements to me that I regard as a first step toward reconciliation . ''
Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed .
But B.A.T 's restructuring , which was never going to happen quickly , now will take longer because of the market upheaval .
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world .
The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City .
He noted that the equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week and traders should keep an eye on Wall Street .
A spokesman for GE Capital declined to comment .
For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share .
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse .
If indeed Mrs. Thatcher has one opponent that could throw her off political course it is Britain 's mysteriously intractable inflation problem .
Yesterday 's bond sale was part of a $ 6.7 billion refinancing plan to pay off high-interest debt the TVA owes the Federal Financing Bank , an arm of the Treasury .
Sales rose 7.4 % to 1.255 trillion yen from 1.168 trillion yen .
`` The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation { and } his strategy did n't work , '' said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Midland Doherty Ltd .
A black-draped cruise liner sailed into Naples yesterday bringing 800 Libyans threatening vengeance if Italy refuses to pay compensation for more than 30 years of colonial rule .
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital 's customers .
One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises .
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.46 billion .
`` The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said .
Undeterred , the BPCA hired Ms. Bartlett and another confessed garden ignoramus , the architect Alexander Cooper , who claimed he had never visited , much less built , a garden , and said of the project , `` I do n't view this as a landscape .
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday .
`` The coin is their problem . ''
THE EARTHQUAKE in San Francisco has sent few tremors through the hearts of real estate investors .
Allied-Lyons , while powerful in whiskey , does n't own any major white-spirit brands .
Insisting that they are protected by the Voting Rights Act , a group of whites brought a federal suit in 1987 to demand that the city abandon at-large voting for the nine member City Council and create nine electoral districts , including four safe white districts .
CHRISTMAS SHOPPERS find a helping hand from some catalog companies .
The stock of UAL Corp. continued to be pounded amid signs that British Airways may balk at any hasty reformulation of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines ' parent .
A Concord spokeswoman called the suit `` unfounded '' but declined to comment further .
Now it 's getting downright dangerous .
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s .
If interest rates do n't change , bond fund investors ' returns will be about equal to the funds ' current yields .
Last October , during the 1988 Summer Games , NBC relentlessly pitched a new series , `` Tattingers . ''
-- Daisy Brown .
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake .
$ 200 million of floating-rate notes due November 1994 , paying six-month London interbank offered rate plus 3\/16 point and priced at par via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd .
They graze at the Farmers Market , a combination gourmet food court and grocery store , while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies .
What seemed like a good idea , to cast the Bridges brothers ( Jeff and Beau ) as the Baker brothers , actually turned out to be a good idea .
Rhone-Poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million .
`` It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , '' says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto .
To be sure , the stock still has a lot of fans .
Take the `` credit enhancements , '' which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond-insurance company .
The Diet does n't normally even debate bills because the opposition parties are so often opposed to whatever LDP does that it would be a waste of time .
Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business .
In addition , the $ 3 billion bid includes $ 1 billion of debt that will be assumed by IMA , $ 600 million of high-yield junk bonds that will be sold by First Boston Corp. and $ 285 million of equity .
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities .
The No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.22 , down 0.17 point , to yield 5.41 % .
The golden share restricts any individual holding to 15 % and expires at the end of 1990 .
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain .
Other bids ranged from about 10 million yen to 29 million yen .
Other airlines would have access to the system , they said , and negotiations with partners were already under way .
Strategists should consider the impact of budget uncertainties at the beginning of the planning process .
But Mr. Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid .
Beneath the tepid news-release jargon lies a powerful threat from the brewing giant , which last year accounted for about 41 % of all U.S. beer sales and is expected to see that grow to 42.5 % in the current year .
One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister . ''
The Lok Sabha , or lower house of Parliament , has 542 elected and two appointed seats .
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve .
An official with lead underwriter First Boston said orders for the San Antonio bonds were `` on the slow side . ''
Mr. Gaubert 's suit to recover his damages was dismissed last year by U.S. District Judge Robert Maloney of Dallas under the Federal Tort Claims Act , which offers broad protection for actions by federal agencies and employees .
Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips .
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . ''
But Mr. Levine had said the p53 gene caused cancer by promoting growth , whereas the Johns Hopkins scientists were looking for a gene that suppressed growth .
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office .
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .
According to Mr. Rohs , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales at company-owned Wendy 's units in the U.S. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 1989 , except for August .
Ohbayashi officials said the purchase was undertaken to participate in ventures in and around New York City .
Paul Lesutis , who manages more than $ 3 billion of investments at Provident Capital Management Inc. , blames futures markets for leading the way .
IBM , based in Armonk , N.Y. , has dominated the market for decades .
Manville Corp. said it will build a $ 24 million power plant to provide electricity to its Igaras pulp and paper mill in Brazil .
I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ?
Gradually , a coherent picture of cancer development emerged .
The machinists also asked for an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into possible securities-law violations in the original bid for UAL by Mr. Davis , as well as in the response by UAL .
The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares .
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ .
`` But she was always encouraging .
Shares closed sharply higher in London in the year 's thinnest volume Monday , supported largely by a technical bounce after last week 's sharp declines .
Mr. Noriega 's initial retainer was only $ 50 to $ 100 a month , plus occasional gifts of liquor or groceries from the American PX , a former intelligence official says .
The buy-back `` is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a { price } floor , '' he said .
These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match the S&P 500 stock index or other stock indexes , and frequently swap between stocks and futures to capture profits .
Baseball fans throughout New York had sweated out a long summer with their teams , and now it had come to this : a battle between the two for the National League pennant -- down to the last inning of the last game , no less .
The 220 pilots involved in the suit are n't members of the union .
Mr. McNealy said the issues that hurt Sun 's performance earlier this year are now `` largely '' behind the firm , and he indicated that Sun 's profitability should increase throughout the fiscal year .
HomeFed plunged 3 5\/8 to 38 1\/2 ; its third-quarter earnings were down from a year ago .
They only accounted for 5 % , at best , of the station 's total revenues . ''
`` We 're committed to deliver the customer 's package by a stated time , usually 10:30 , '' notes Glenn Mortimer , a Federal Express courier who led the Natick team .
Coast Savings Financial Inc. reported a third-quarter loss , citing a previously announced capital restructuring program .
The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country .
`` Banco Popular just kept waiting , '' said Edward Thompson , a vice president and analyst at Thomson BankWatch Inc. in New York .
-- Football player , class unspecified .
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March .
`` Employers who saw a short-term moderation in benefit expenditures are seeing a return to previous trends . ''
It is unclear what effect the sale of the shopping centers will have on earnings .
Other analysts are nearly as pessimistic .
One of the more bizarre garden stories since Eden has been unfolding for four years now , in the private paper-and-crayon fantasies of artist Jennifer Bartlett .
Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses , and the Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation .
Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 .
Until now it had sat idle .
EARNINGS :
Then , it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points .
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions .
With the touch of a button , drivers can choose from lavender , jasmine , mint or perfume scents , all blown in through the car 's air-conditioning system .
Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage .
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert .
Quarter revenue rose 44 % to $ 160.1 million from $ 111.2 million a year ago .
More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress .
Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now .
A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : `` Who did the research for this report ?
The point was to answer the question in the conference title , not to try to create news stories for the event itself .
The property seized by the IRS is a Hollywood film studio , Master Pictures Incorporated ( MPI ) .
The mood changed after dealers reappraised the direct impact of the disaster on shares and Wall Street rebounded from early losses .
The critics also lambasted the magazine industry for something executives often are very proud of : the growth in magazine titles during the 1980s .
Chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in Emeryville , Calif .
Mr. Hollander 's High Technology Holding Co. of Stamford , Conn. , acquired most of its stake last August in an $ 11-a-share tender offer for Newport , a maker of electronic-measuring devices .
Last year , for example , Avalon and others invested $ 14 million in Athena Neurosciences Inc. , South San Francisco , Calif. , to license and develop technology for delivery of drugs to the brain .
The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy .
That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday , last Monday 's rebound and the dips and blips that followed .
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer .
At his first Chicago press conference , he berated the reporters .
Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed .
The U.S. has charged that the Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts in the Philippines , Hong Kong , the U.S. and other countries .
The company 's shares closed yesterday at $ 4.25 , off 25 cents , in national over-the-counter trading .
On lampposts along Fillmore Street , a major Marina artery , posters were offering a $ 100 reward for a cat lost during the quake .
For each $ 1,000 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest accrued from Dec. 1 .
-- Marrill J. Pederson .
To wit , my maiden voyage ( and novitiates are referred to as virgins ) began at dawn on a dew-sodden fairway and ended at noon in a soggy field .
In 1987 , a quarter of the population owned 91 % of the nation 's 71,895 square kilometers of private land , the report said , and 10 % of the population owned 65 % of the land devoted to housing .
Sir Richard succeeds John Plastow , who resigned in July .
To help out this week , the White House is dispatching chief of staff John Sununu and three Cabinet members -- HUD 's Jack Kemp , Transportation 's Samuel Skinner and Treasury 's Nicholas Brady , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager .
Fees 1 5\/8 .
She lives in Oakland , a community hit hard by the earthquake .
And , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios .
`` We have designs for such { executive } cars , but have never been able to develop them , '' Sir John said .
`` Now , they 'll have to increase their coffers to protect for the future and that means rate increases . ''
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills .
On Thursday , the Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 0.24 point Wednesday , was up 22.78 , or 0.86 % , at 2665.66 .
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading .
In September , Ashland settled the long-simmering dispute by agreeing to pay Iran $ 325 million .
But U.S. officials have strong doubts that he is a reformer .
Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution .
Wisconsin Toy currently has about 4.7 million shares outstanding .
Defaults on Veterans Affairs loan guarantees have quadrupled in the past eight years .
`` It may very well be what the Japanese banks want , '' he told Radio New Zealand .
Proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 500 per car .
In addition , specialists on the exchanges agreed to provide backup capital for market-making in Pacific exchange options traded on the exchanges .
His business success made him an official target in pre-reform days .
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns .
The business closed when the owner was murdered by robbers .
Moreover , essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems from spoiled food and possible outbreak of disease .
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie .
Recovery could be hampered if Britain 's major trading partners in Europe , which are enjoying robust economic activity , cool off as expected in late 1990 and 1991 .
In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service .
The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year .
`` It was our first acquisition , '' he says , `` and it was a mistake . ''
It was the market 's biggest gain since rising more than 7 points on Oct. 19 .
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves .
Since 1984 , in fact , revenues of the 10 largest guard companies , primarily serving such big businesses , have increased by almost 62 % .
Some traders were thought to be waiting for the auto sales report , which will be released today .
AMERICAN PRESIDENT COS. , Oakland , shipping concern , annual sales of $ 2.2 billion , NYSE , had little damage to the cranes , dock or rail track at its container-ship facility near the collapsed Route 880 overpass .
The airport 's biggest supplier of aircraft fuel is the Soviet Union .
Line-item veto .
Mr. Jordan , formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. , succeeds Donald Broderick , who died at 52 in an automobile accident .
`` It certainly was n't intended to be a demotion , '' the spokesman said .
Nor , by the way , advertisers . ''
Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe .
Revenue slipped 1.2 % to $ 2.21 billion from $ 2.23 billion .
Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France .
In consenting to the injunctions , none of the individuals or companies admitted or denied the allegations .
Our concern for the ozone layer , of course , grows out of the potential for increasing UV-B radiation , which could damage flora and fauna .
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market .
Unlike other companies , it has n't pin-pointed specific projects for the funds .
He also noted that a strong sterling market yesterday might have helped cocoa in New York as arbitragers took advantage of the currency move .
Until recently , such buy-now , pray-for-growth-later deals were routine .
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis .
They concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment .
The dollar gained .
Volume totaled 173.5 million shares , 30 % above this year 's average daily turnover on Nasdaq .
He also launched a kingside storm , sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T. 's king .
The two other directors bought 1,000 and 1,900 shares , respectively , at prices between $ 28.15 a share and $ 28.75 a share , filings with the SEC show .
`` It puts this president in the legislative business , '' he declares .
Rather , it 's of a kid ( we 're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college .
With the new TV spots , Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter , hugs and tears .
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year .
Stocks : Volume 126,630,000 shares .
Peasants in Inner Mongolia have partly dismantled a 20-mile section of China 's famed Great Wall , the official People 's Daily said .
Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit it had initially reported last month .
A face-to-face meeting with Mr. Gorbachev should damp such criticism , though it will hardly eliminate it .
Valley National , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June .
The Postels did not give permission .
`` It 's too soon to tell ... but people do n't seem to be unhappy with it , '' he said .
Mortgage securities generally ended 6\/32 to 9\/32 point higher , but lagged gains in the Treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the Treasury yield curve and rumored mortgage sales by thrifts .
It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists `` needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts '' and that environmental groups need them to stay in business .
Goodyear 's profit rose 11 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business .
The bank reported net income of C$ 389 million for the nine months ended July 31 .
The British conglomerate cited the recent turmoil in financial markets .
What gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa .
Of the three candidates with a serious chance of winning , Mr. Collor comes closest to advocating the sort of measures that economists say are necessary .
2 ) Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues ( programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large ) and attending to local issues ( constituency service and pork barrel ) .
Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by the slowdown or new niches created by budget-cutting .
Commodore has assembled an experienced management team , it has persuaded many more dealers to carry its products and it has unleashed a slick advertising campaign .
Santa Fe Energy Co. , a unit of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Co. , bought from Amoco the rights that allowed it to drill the Sharpshooter .
`` The company has been completely revamped , '' said Frank Knuettel , analyst for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc .
She added , however : `` It is not robust by any means . ''
The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer , president of Parker 's automotive group , and includes several other executives of the three divisions .
Mr. Amon , 46 years old , is the company 's director of quality assurance ; most recently , he served as vice president , operations , for Coca-Cola Enterprises .
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Most of the new additions were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers .
In the coming decade a majority of people-oriented companies are likely to adopt it .
Flowers Industries Inc. said it will report a charge of eight cents to 10 cents a share for its fiscal first quarter , ended Sept. 23 , from the sale of two bakeries , in High Point , N.C. , and Gadsden , Ala .
Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company , but it does n't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS .
Black & Decker said it plans to put other Emhart units on the block in the future , with the goal of raising $ 1 billion in net proceeds .
The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
At 3.8 million won , or $ 5,700 , the econobox is the lowest-priced car in South Korea .
The problem is that the CD he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain vanilla CD .
Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680 , up 150 .
The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales did n't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do , said Patrick E. Sheridan , analyst with McDonald & Co .
The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh .
Finally , the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government .
The Maybelline beauty product line had higher sales following a sluggish first half .
Surely there is someone in the administration , maybe Bob Gates , who could explain them to college students , or even schoolchildren .
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high-performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market-research firm InfoCorp .
The Soviet president and his prime minister , Nikolai Ryzhkov , spent the longest time , about 15 minutes , at the IBM stand , where they got souvenir computer-chip key rings .
The market is drifting , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana and the Ivory Coast , the two largest African producers .
Harry Lee Smith Alpharetta , Ga .
Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival as a shipbuilding nation .
Banking stocks were the major gainers Monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank added 4 marks each to 664 marks ( $ 357 ) and 326 marks , respectively .
The meeting is expected to call for heightened austerity for two years .
Moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock .
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) .
`` I would n't say it 's quite a veto , '' Mr. Boren demurs .
On a per-share basis , quarterly earnings remained at $ 1.85 , the same as last year , because of the company 's share buy-back program .
`` Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , '' Mr. Holmes said .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Reynolds closed at $ 55.375 , up $ 1.25 .
Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , confirms that there is `` increasing concern about the future liquidity of the junk bond market . ''
This includes what Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov fetchingly called `` new peaceful long-range weapons , '' including more than 800 SCUD missiles .
Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people .
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits .
Prices of high-yield , high-risk corporate securities ended unchanged .
`` The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows and clocks and lots of red and black decor , are gone , '' Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says .
So far , says Mr. Cane , most calls have involved landlord-tenant problems , tax problems , divorce , and probate questions .
The probe , which is painless , non-invasive and apparently harmless , employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain .
Before joining Apple in 1986 , Mr. Karalis served as general counsel at Sperry Corp .
Net income rose to a record $ 155.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 134.8 million , or 72 cents a share .
`` This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , '' said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer .
Yet I would venture that the landscape of our country alone would justify the use of this lofty adjective ... .
They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two .
`` I ca n't believe it will continue , '' he added , noting that the economies of the country 's major trading partners are strong and prices of U.S. products are still competitive .
Alaskan and Coast Guard officials say Exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant was n't working anyway .
In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations .
But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here , many people will be lucky to have jobs at all , executives predict .
Back to Somalia :
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier .
The maker of household products said the new dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 10 .
But the short-term outlook is so-so .
But the market is changing .
First section volume was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 605 million Monday .
In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize `` negative reaction '' from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense .
Mr. Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market .
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 3.13 billion from $ 2.94 billion .
The 1988 results included a one-time gain .
The first instance occurred in 1967-68 , when China 's Cultural Revolution triggered bloody street rioting in the colony .
Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece .
Now , the 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time .
It wo n't be cheaper !
That judgment , in turn , was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court , leaving Cohen and Boyer holding the first patents for making recombinant DNA ( now assigned to their schools ) .
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 .
In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share .
The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures .
The trading has been blamed for much of the market 's recent volatility .
Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape .
Safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the blasts .
The Stick did n't fall .
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman .
A spokesman for Hallwood said the 12 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 1979 and 1984 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Moreover , other officials noted , snafus in transportation funding that the state has experienced over the years may have restricted the availability of funds for such a retrofitting , even if it were technologically feasible .
In addition , the executives said IBM will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write ad-hoc software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line .
On that earlier day , the stock 's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their breath .
When `` The Homecoming '' was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential .
The headquarters is located a few blocks away at 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza .
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz .
Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho , the former Democratic majority whip .
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure .
Global allocation funds take the asset-allocation concept one step further by investing at least 25 % of their portfolios outside the U.S. .
The deal would require approval by a majority of Jaguar shareholders .
Dealers said there was late talk of a Whitbread sale of brewing operations to Scottish & Newcastle .
Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week 's low of $ 1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members .
David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 .
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million .
If someone asks , just lie and tell them it will be done , '' Mr. de la Bouillaire says Mr. Baird told them .
Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges .
The December 1989 contract , which has the greatest trading volume , ended at $ 371.20 an ounce .
Third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office .
The staff brags about psyllium 's hefty contribution to American regularity , without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol .
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } .
The curator , 27-year-old Sherman Krisher of Greenwich , Conn. , had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum .
Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead .
For all of this year 's explosive run-up in stock prices , Renaissance Investment Management Inc. 's computer sat on the sidelines .
The University said the two companies agreed to spend 25 million Canadian dollars ( $ 21.3 million ) over 10 years on research at Canadian universities if they are successful in acquiring the vaccine maker .
The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 .
And deposits at NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , have increased $ 2 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to Texas .
A Texas legislator proposes color-coding drivers ' licenses of some drug offenders .
The estimated improvement in Colgate 's U.S. operations took some analysts by surprise .
In the opinion of many , he has n't stopped running since , even though he declined a rematch with Gov. Kean in 1985 .
It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it .
CMS Enhancements Inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 30 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period .
The ANC vows to keep up pressure on the government .
Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co .
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields .
Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said .
After Mr. Ackerman announced he was soliciting consents from shareholders in order to wrest control of Datapoint from Mr. Edelman , the corporate raider purchased 30 % of Datapoint 's shares .
In fact , it was up 24 .
But sales in the oil-patch state of Texas surged 12.9 % and sales in South Carolina jumped 10.6 % in the period , the New York trade group said .
Warner executives also filed new sworn affidavits denying claims by Messrs. Guber and Peters that the two sides had an oral agreement that enabled the producers to terminate their contract with Warner should the opportunity to run a major studio come up .
And the successful son wishes his embarrassing siblings dead .
The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G-2 back on the U.S. payroll .
Mr. Arias 's long-time refusal to support the U.S. 's campaign against leftist Nicaragua earned him the ire of the Reagan White House .
Fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest , but by altruism .
The award , although far less than the $ 10 million , including punitive damages , that Ms. Midler sought , is likely to force Madison Avenue to further rethink how they use famous songs in ads .
Mr. Fiechter said that among the possibilities being considered by regulators to fight discrimination is the use of `` testers '' -- government investigators who would pose as home buyers .
But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms .
Lawmakers , they say , would avoid putting many spending projects into legislation in the first place for fear of the embarrassment of having them singled out for a line-item veto later .
John Lehman 's editorial-page article on the Pentagon as a haunted house omits the real roots of its ghost population ( `` In the Pentagon , the Undead Walk , '' Oct. 18 ) .
But unlike Mr. Ruder , who during the 1987 crash damaged himself by saying rather offhandedly that the markets might be closed , Mr. Breeden is turning the market drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda for the SEC .
Republicans countered that long-range revenue estimates were unreliable .
Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record .
But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy .
Sharp Corp. , Tokyo , said net income in its first half rose 59 % to 18.32 billion yen ( $ 128.9 million ) from 11.53 billion yen a year earlier .
If a machine has a big computing task , Task Broker asks other computers in the network for `` bids '' on the job .
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a healthy rate this fall , machine-tool makers say .
The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse .
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ?
Individual Inc. , a new company in Brookline , Mass. , uses filtering technology developed by Cornell University computer scientist Gerard Salton , to automatically produce customized newsletters it sends electronically to subscribers by 8 a.m. the next day .
It 's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need for bold overseas ventures : In the year ended March 31 , 57.4 % of its total revenue came from office building management .
Amdahl Corp. , backed by Japan 's Fujitsu Ltd. , has a growing share of the market with its low-priced , IBM-compatible machines .
But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it .
Nonetheless , the suit seeks unspecified damages that an attorney for Quickview claimed could run into the millions of dollars .
Net loss : $ 1.7 million vs. net income : $ 21.2 million ; or 12 cents a share
Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic .
The figures exclude lump-sum payments and cost-of-living adjustments , so the actual wage increases may have been bigger .
This exercise would reveal the true cost of a particular program by forcing the strategists to make hard decisions .
So far no one has suggested putting the comptroller back on the board .
Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios and Qintex Productions .
According to a spokeswoman , they also relate to changes Franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal capitalization requirements for thrifts .
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million .
Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions , which were sold April 27 to the company 's chairman , Bernard L. Schwartz .
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 2.17 billion from $ 1.89 billion .
From then on , the Dow industrials held at a loss of 40 to 50 points .
That means it 's unlikely the company will surpass last year 's $ 4.9 billion full-year profit , even though net for the first nine months was up 1.9 % to $ 3.52 billion on revenue of $ 95.57 billion .
The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes and frees capital to seek more productive or more appropriate uses .
Two bills in Congress hope to make such restrictions national .
The most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as General Re Corp. , which rose $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 , Nac Re Corp. , up $ 2 to $ 37.75 , American International Group Inc. , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 , and Cigna Corp. , up 87.5 cents to $ 62.50 .
In the film classic `` Twelve Angry Men , '' the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror 's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict .
Other casino owners , Circus Circus among them , are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada .
Net for the oil-field services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to $ 114.2 million , or 48 cents a share , from $ 112.2 million , or 42 cents a share , a year earlier .
In some companies middle managers sneak massage therapists into the office , fearful that upper-level executives wo n't approve .
In that case , a group of left-leaning sociologists interviewed 252 registered voters around Harrisburg .
Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled .
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer .
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % .
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping .
The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million .
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries .
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer .
The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules .
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ( $ 1.88 billion ) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance .
A recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food poisoning began in early March .
But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 .
In the year-earlier quarter , the well-servicing contractor had net income of $ 319,000 , or 3 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 15 million .
Her idea : bring in live zoo animals .
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan .
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc .
There are so many cunning ploys used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all .
Margin requirements for speculators on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange are currently about 7 % .
Conservatives pushing for a line-item veto now , he notes , may regret it later : `` Sometime , you 're going to have a Democratic president again '' who 'll use his expanded powers against those very same conservatives .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
He says the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today , and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image .
`` If we get a decent rally { today } , maybe the buyers will come back . ''
But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind .
`` One is the panic , the earthquake in San Francisco , which is positive . ''
The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible .
Bank Building , which builds and equips banks , had announced it would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year , which ends Oct. 31 .
The company is negotiating with the Soviets to build a Thermo King truck-refrigeration plant that would produce about 10,000 units annually .
The Securities and Exchange Commission gave provisional six-month approval to the Big Board basket at a meeting late yesterday .
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group .
But gripes run the gamut .
New York City 's 6 % bonds due 2018 , for example , were quoted late Friday at a price to yield 7.80 % , compared with 7.60 % Thursday .
Sales rose 7.7 % to $ 6.66 billion from $ 6.19 billion .
The loss in Comprehensive Care 's latest quarter is equal to 46 cents a share .
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt .
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation .
Still , Mr. Birnbaum says his relationship with Guber Peters was `` one of the most successful I 've had in Hollywood . ''
In a statement to employees , Eastern said the company was disappointed by the ruling .
In when-issued trading , the Refcorp bonds were quoted at a price to yield 8.17 % .
Traditional no-loads made their money by charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees , and many still do n't .
`` We 're not asking them to save up 50 proof-of-purchases .
`` And where we are is bad . ''
Later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection .
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F-15 weapons system trainer .
PWA , which recently merged Wardair 's operations with those of PWA-owned Canadian Airlines International Ltd. , Canada 's second-biggest airline , said the proposed sale is part of a revised five-year plan aimed at streamlining its fleet and shedding debt .
Some traders noted individual investors dumped NTT shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent government-sponsored panel .
There are few factories and no mines .
Even though only 12 % actually predicted a recession , many respondents were taking a better-safe-than sorry investment stance .
Beantown scribes , who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael `` Pee Wee '' Dukakis , or New England Patriots Coach Raymond `` Rev. Ray '' Berry , yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week .
Typically , Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid and a chance to use regulatory review as a delaying tactic .
But directors of the Great Neck , N.Y. , real estate investment trust did n't act on the common stock dividend .
Her goal : to top 300 ad pages in 1990 , up from about 274 this year .
This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton\/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases .
Gillette Co. , Boston , said it is planning to restructure its South African subsidiary .
Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected .
Mr. Soule says his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room ; the department 's supervised health facility would have been fine .
Mitsubishi Estate is one of the dozens of companies in today 's Mitsubishi group .
But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients .
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
Stanislav Ovcharenko , who represents the Soviet airline Aeroflot here , has some visions that are wild even by the current standards of perestroika .
For instance , British Air is continuing to negotiate with KLM Royal Dutch Airlines about each acquiring a 20 % stake in Sabena World Airlines , the air transport subsidiary of the Belgian national airline .
Stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it accelerates market moves , if not actually causing them .
Banc One Corp. said Frank E. McKinney plans to retire as the bank holding company 's president effective Jan. 12 .
Because in the end , these people always wind up asking themselves the same question : `` How could I be so stupid ? ''
SCI TV 's six stations once were part of Storer Communications .
Two election commission members opposed the matching plans .
It also was detailed in Congressional testimony this past February : An explosion at the Microbiology and Virology Institute in Sverdlovsk released anthrax germs that caused a significant number of deaths .
Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games , 26 fewer than ABC and NBC .
I call her agent , David Dominici .
Significantly lower sales of ` Stay Trim ' diet aids also were a factor in the drop .
While many experts argue that food-importing nations would eventually become self-sufficient in a free-market system , the poorest nations are likely to need help in the meantime .
And consumers `` should be comfortable , '' adds W. Henson Moore , U.S. deputy secretary of energy .
An established brand name is insurance that at least the product will be of acceptable quality , if not always the best value for the money .
At IBM , the company 's Open Door system is sometimes the subject of memorandums from the chief executive .
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % .
The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel trailers , folding campers and van conversions .
A subsidiary company processes commodities into foods such as instant noodles that are sold with the rice through a vast retail network .
Potential bondholders will either look for greater equity participation on behalf of management , or insist the equity component of the deals be substantially greater than in the past .
Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year .
William C. Stuart III
Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped .
Mr. Staloff , 44 , was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products .
The method of calculating the 20 % tax , paid if it exceeds tax figured the regular way , is due for a change in 1990 , thanks to 1986 's tax act .
To promote this balance , OPEC now is finally confronting a long-simmering internal problem .
Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars .
That may be the last thing she needs .
If the Paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group .
A similar situation apparently exists in the Ivory Coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 55,000 tons as of this time a year ago .
This heavy outside support for the worst has undermined better , moderate leaders .
`` On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget .
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings .
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary .
Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel .
However , the resolve of some of the striking 57,000 machinists might be weakening .
An acquisition accounted for half the sales rise , TRW said .
The lumber , insulation and fireproofing concern said the transaction , which includes a swap of other timber interests , would result in a $ 13.5 million after-tax gain , to be recorded in the fourth quarter .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Ferro closed at $ 25.25 , down 50 cents .
Sales rose 7 % to $ 3.8 billion .
In January , the Preti painting that now hangs at CenTrust was expected to bring no more than $ 700,000 at auction until Mr. Paul came along with his $ 1.15 million .
The direct-mail industry , not surprisingly , is fuming at the injustice of it all .
The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases .
`` They continue to pay their bills and will do so , '' says Ms. Sanger .
The Senate bill would force the CFTC to suspend dual trading if an exchange ca n't show that its oversight system can detect dual-trading abuses .
The bridge normally carries 250,000 commuters a day .
Charles Bradford , an analyst with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , said higher prices for galvanized and cold-rolled products offset lower prices for bar , hot-rolled and structural steel .
Whether a trade is done on a dual or non-dual basis , the member said , `` does n't seem to have much economic impact . ''
The current flood of third-quarter reports are producing many more negative surprises than positive ones .
I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock .
Ambassador Katz said the U.S. was open to discussing particular problems of developing countries .
The charge resulted from a settlement approved yesterday by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities .
But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own .
Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value .
Under the proposed combination , Marsh & McLennan would gain a majority stake in Gradmann & Holler that would increase over time to the rest of the remaining 85 % .
JROE :
This year , for the first time , Desc and other customers were consulted well in advance of the Pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal inconvenience .
Unilab , which provides clinical laboratory services , competed with Central , based in Tarzana , Calif. , in a number of areas .
`` We had a management breakdown in 1987 in terms of compliance , '' Mr. Thompson says .
To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense .
We had great success in Somalia .
The so-called poison pill took effect Aug. 9 pending ratification by holders .
Hence copious amounts of gratuitous sex , violence and gutter language are included as a crutch .
But employing this kind of gut-wrenching plea to black consciousness makes it even more unusual .
But , says Mr. Bock , `` It was a close call . ''
However , he is restricted from making certain hostile moves by an agreement he signed to obtain confidential UAL data .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.16 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days .
The safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow in Sioux City .
Wang Laboratories Inc. , Lowell , Mass. , beset by declining demand for its computers , reported a $ 62.1 million , 38-cents-a-share loss in its first quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Mr. Thomson , a tall , Scottish-born , right-hand hitter , stepped into the batter 's box .
Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts .
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed .
It 's a horrible machine , actually .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
Northwest , a unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. , which made the MD-80 aircraft , also are pursuing counterclaims against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport .
New Hyundai Campaign
The company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion .
`` But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question . ''
Dr. Vogelstein next turned his attention to colon cancer , the second biggest cancer killer in the U.S. after lung cancer .
The big reason : For all its cost-cutting , Nissan remains less efficient than Toyota .
PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities .
At the end of the third quarter , Bank of New York 's credit-card business consisted of 2.4 million accounts with $ 3.6 billion in loans outstanding .
THE STOCK of Applied Power Inc. , which split 2-for-1 in May , has risen since August 1988 .
Talk show hosts quickly change the topic .
China 's last big import binge sent reserves tumbling to $ 10.6 billion in June 1985 from $ 16.6 billion the previous September .
The poll also noted fear of a takeover as a stress-producing event in larger companies .
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income .
Yesterday , USAir Group Inc. , recently one of the industry 's stellar performers , posted a worse-than-expected $ 77.7 million net loss for the period .
Turnover was 382.9 million shares , compared with 449.3 million Wednesday .
Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements .
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth .
At Quotron , the company 's National Call-In Center , which swung into action for the first time last month for Hurricane Hugo , assembled a tactical team at 5 a.m. yesterday to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders .
Jaguar has been discussing an alliance with GM , but Ford 's move may derail the talks .
( A settlement was reached but was n't made public . )
But Japanese bonds ended weaker .
Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and `` bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities , '' says Lin Conger , Telos chairman and controlling shareholder .
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue .
Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .
Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid .
Sea Containers said the offer will proceed after the Bermuda Supreme Court lifts or modifies an interim injunction restraining the company from buying its shares .
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs .
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change .
While Southern Co. has been reluctant to discuss the grand jury investigations , Edward L. Addison , chief executive officer , has said the company is prepared to defend its tax and acccounting practices if any charges are brought against it .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank .
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Individual investors can still get better yields on money funds than on many other short-term instruments .
Of course East Germany , true to its tradition , could tighten its borders yet further .
A federal judge ruled that Imelda Marcos was n't brought to the U.S. against her will and that marital privileges , which protect spouses from incriminating each other , do n't apply in her case .
It did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots .
-- Golden Nugget rose 2 to 28 1\/4 .
James Earl Jones is cast to play the Rev. Mr. Johns .
`` It 's hard to know if people are responding truthfully .
The statistics follow a year-on-year rebound in consolidated and unconsolidated results in the full fiscal year ended in March 1989 , recovering from dismal results in the prior fiscal year as a result of the October 1987 stock market crash .
Company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available .
Hotel expansion and an influx of more-discriminating tourists have hurt motels .
`` We conclude , '' the two judges wrote , `` that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction . ''
Notably , one of Mr. Krenz 's few official visits overseas came a few months ago , when he visited China after the massacre in Beijing .
Britain 's 11 3\/4 % Treasury bond due 2003\/2007 rose 17\/32 to 112 6\/32 to yield 10.05 % , while the 12 % notes due 1995 rose 11\/32 to 104 2\/32 to yield 10.93 % .
My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff , where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it .
Hector Castaneda Jimenez , chief prosecutor at the Attorney General 's Office , said that an estimated $ 82.8 million in government property and unpaid taxes have been recovered in the campaign to root out official corruption .
The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 30 % from 27 % currently .
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon .
Among other things , economists note that consumer spending is slowing , corporate profit margins are being squeezed , business confidence is slipping and construction and manufacturing industries are depressed .
Weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31 .
On so-called Manic Monday , Oct. 16 , stock prices plunged across Europe and trading problems erupted .
Save the sequester , and let Washington scream .
The comptroller 's office also said that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987 , only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending .
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails .
Some traders point out that as the big brokerage firms back out of program trading for their own accounts or for clients , opportunities increase for others to engage in the controversial practice .
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen .
Whitbread 's spirits auction occurs amid a parallel shakeup in the British beer industry .
The ground along the Embarcadero the street that skirts the city 's eastern boundary and piers -- dropped six inches after the quake , wreaking major damage to at least one of the piers .
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities .
The news has n't exactly moved others in Mr. McDonough 's profession to become architectural Johnny Appleseeds .
Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said Chairman Richard M. Morrow .
Hudson 's Bay said it will redeem 9.5 million Series H preferred shares on Oct. 31 at a price of C$ 27.75 each .
The tape was on tv before the night was out .
The bonds of SCI TV now are being quoted at prices ranging from only five cents to about 60 cents on the dollar , according to R.D. Smith & Co. in New York , which trades distressed securities .
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute .
Most murders are state crimes , so any federal capital-punishment law probably would turn out to be more symbolism than substance .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Many of the adjusters employed by Aetna and other insurers have some experience with construction work or carpentry .
Becton , Dickinson & Co. , for example , faces stiff competition from a Japanese supplier in the important syringe market .
They are telling us that { 8 3\/4 % } is as low as they want to see the fed funds rate , '' said Robert Chandross at Lloyds Bank PLC .
On Friday , British Air issued a statement saying it `` does not intend to participate in any new deal for the acquisition of UAL in the foreseeable future . ''
In `` The Cuckoo 's Egg '' ( Doubleday , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , he spins a remarkable tale of his efforts over 18 months to catch a computer spy .
Jessica Mathews , vice president of World Resources Institute in Washington , D.C. , says that perhaps a quarter of Poland 's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution .
As usual , the over-the-counter market 's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit .
HDTVs break down images into more than 1,100 lines , compared with 525 for today 's televisions , providing considerably sharper detail .
The main effect of the ceiling boost was to `` legitimize '' some of the overproduction already coming from the quota cheaters .
In the year-ago period , the company earned $ 12.9 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 247 million .
Sounds great -- or does it ?
On this basis , `` there 's no way the average person can know a good charity from a bad one , '' says David Ormstedt , an assistant attorney general in Connecticut .
Mr. Price `` wanted to run the MTM business '' and may have regretted selling the company to TVS , suggested Charles Denton , managing director of Zenith Productions , a subsidiary of Carlton Communications PLC , London .
Asked about his greatest achievement in public life , he first speaks about the quality of his staff .
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time .
MLX Corp. said it reached a preliminary agreement with senior lenders to its refrigeration and air-conditioning group to restructure the $ 188.5 million of credit facilities the lenders provide to the group .
Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. was dropped , effective today , from the recreational products and services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index .
This is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician .
Exxon claims that use of dispersants , which break an oil slick into microscopic droplets , was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill .
But Mr. Azoff had been negotiating for more than a year to get out of his MCA contract , which expired in 1991 .
The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .
Both the Peasants and Rural Solidarity are forming new political parties for farmers .
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws .
Ohio Democrat Howard Metzenbaum refused to support any plan that might get people hurt , a charming notion for a great power .
The new `` social choice '' fund will shun securities of companies linked to South Africa , nuclear power and in some cases , Northern Ireland .
I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article .
And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation .
While Mr. Woodland does n't predict a significant climb for the U.S. unit in light of recent moves in interest rates around the world , he noted that `` its downside potential is surprisingly and -- for dollar bulls -- `` impressively '' limited .
GR8FLRED :
International Proteins Corp. definitively agreed to pay $ 49 million and 2,850,000 of its shares for Hanson PLC 's Ground Round restaurant subsidiary .
WPP , which assumes financial control of its businesses in a hands-on way , instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy 's new headquarters building to outsiders .
The provision seeks to wipe out an estimated $ 1.4 million in claims made by the Health Care Finance Administration against HEI , which owned the hospital in Sullivan , Mo. , during most of the four-year period -- 1983-1987 -- covered in the amendment .
DALLAS AND HOUSTON law firms merge : Jackson & Walker , a 130-lawyer firm in Dallas and Datson & Scofield , a 70-lawyer firm in Houston said they have agreed in principle to merge .
Derek Stevens , British Air 's chief financial officer , told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report a price of $ 230 a share is `` certainly not too low , '' and indicated his company would like to reduce the size of its $ 750 million cash investment .
Municipals
The Appellate Division of New York State Supreme Court dismissed six lawsuits attempting to block a $ 2.5 billion project planned for 42nd Street in Manhattan .
The initial fireball was caught by cameras in downtown Houston , about 10 miles away .
The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property and the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery and related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A .
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office .
At stake are almost 10,000 jobs in an industry that has been the mainstay of Finland 's post-war economic revival .
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it sent a letter to LIN Broadcasting Corp. clarifying its revised tender offer for LIN and asking LIN to conduct `` a fair auction . ''
John F. Merrill
Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries .
UAL was watched closely and traded heavily .
They say that the earthquake , by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity , has given the Fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level .
Mr. Auvil sees Fujis , in part , as striking a blow against the perversion of U.S. apples by supermarkets .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola Enterprises closed at $ 16.375 a share , down 62.5 cents .
`` We 're encouraging a graceful transition , '' says Mary Kay Poppenberg , the organization 's president .
The view of some others in Big Oil , he maintains , `` is very much { similar to } Amoco 's outlook . ''
They may not be among the `` best and brightest '' of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
`` The { stones } that were irradiated in the U.S. are safe , '' says John Hickey , chief of the NRC operations branch , Washington .
Cairo 's spirited squalor also has gone gray .
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter actually cut his per-share earnings estimate to $ 9 from $ 9.50 for 1989 and to $ 9.50 from $ 10.35 in 1990 because he decided sales would be even weaker than he had expected .
Details of the escrow agreement have n't been completed , the companies said .
Both countries produce high-quality , low-sulfur crudes especially suited to making high-octane motor fuel at minimum refining cost .
The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others .
But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 .
The reasonable first-year rates can be followed by increases of 60 % or more if a covered employee files a major claim , they complain .
`` We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , '' said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc .
`` I do n't doubt it for a moment .
Stockholders may buy one share at the subscription price for every four shares of stock they own .
After completing installation of the jackets on `` one frame '' of the freeway last year , the state DOT had sent the project over to its Sacramento engineers to draw up a final design .
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed .
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments .
`` We 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , '' Dr. Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical .
The sixth partner , John H. OBrion , Jr. , is joining Cowan & Owen , a smaller firm outside Richmond .
It expects any impact on its business to be slight .
CALLIOPE :
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 2 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 69 days ; 8.40 % 70 to 89 days ; 8.20 % 90 to 119 days ; 8.05 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.90 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
The economy is decelerating after six good years , and `` right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later . ''
Together , Citicorp and Chase received $ 8 million in fees to raise the rest of the financing .
But low-priced and middle-priced furriers like Mr. Purnick , who once saturated the five-block Seventh Avenue fur district , say imports have cut their sales .
Guinness 's Schenley Industries unit has increased its TV advertising in Japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout Asia , enabling it to install prominent counter displays .
Even before the China crisis , weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth .
And CBS takes in the least money in prime time ; ABC and NBC charge 30 % to 35 % more for ads , according to a Variety survey .
An estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 1.5 million for Smith College .
Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss .
`` It was a very nervous day , '' said John Geary , partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth , Geary .
Harvard 's Matthew Meselson -- who we read has sold something called the `` scientific community '' on the notion that `` yellow rain '' attacks on the Laotian Hmong were in fact the result of fecal showers by giant bees -- found the Soviet anthrax scenario `` completely plausible . ''
Traders said the futures buying was finely calculated by program traders .
Dow would earn $ 14.85 a share for the year if it equaled that year-ago fourth-quarter performance .
Such trappings suggest a glorious past but give no hint of a troubled present .
Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months , but it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan and management says the company is no longer for sale .
As well as the M$ 1.23 billion in provisions announced on Oct. 6 , the restructuring package covers an additional M$ 450 million in provisions made in earlier years but never reflected in a reduction of the bank 's paid-up capital .
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's and triple-A by S&P .
He noted that institutional investors showed `` pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session .
And he added that manufactured goods exports are still rising .
As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm 's book , Mr. Masson emerges `` as a grandiose egotist ... and , in the end , a self-destructive fool .
Patrick Basham
Imasco is a tobacco , retailing , restaurant and financial services concern .
It plans to sell 1,700 units in 1989 .
And as it unfolds , it 's revealing some of the more tangled and seamier aspects of Japanese society .
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 .
The 11 banks in the syndicate sustained no monetary losses because none of the credit facility had been drawn down .
In 1984 , an attempt was made to crack down on the industry with tougher restrictions .
Rep. J. Dennis Hastert ( R. , Ill . )
Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % .
Another fight is brewing between Congress and the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit .
'' His answer reveals his vulnerability -- it also draws the line that Soviet society must cross to enter the normal dialogue of Western culture .
In addition to a large amount of investment trust fund cash , analysts generally see the market environment improving compared with the past couple of weeks .
Nomura started a credit-card venture with American Express Co. that allowed cardholders to use their Nomura securities accounts like a bank account , attracting the wrath of banks .
Others suggested , however , that the Fed will hold any changes in monetary policy in check , leaving fed funds at around 8 3\/4 % , down from the 9 % level that prevailed from July through September .
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run .
Mr. Anderson , a former Lott aide , received campaign assistance from the senator and from President Bush , who visited the district last week .
Both issues are dated Oct. 26 .
But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until March , April or even May .
The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , '' he said .
Analysts say , however , that a tough economic program would have to be accompanied by measures to shield the poor from its recessionary effects , for instance by subsidizing staple food items .
Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point .
The dispute started when China , angry that Hong Kong had allowed dissident swimmer Yang Yang to flee to the U.S. , halted the usual daily transfer of illegal immigrants caught in this British colony , which reverts to Beijing 's control in 1997 .
Faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade , many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers .
In addition , some of the proposals are so close , that non-financial issues such as timing may play a more important role .
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading .
Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence ( eight U.S. cents ) to a near-record 720 pence ( $ 11.60 ) in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday .
The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz .
We do not see anything in the fundamentals of our business that would cause us to change our strategy of investing for profitable growth . ''
Without the gain , operating profit was $ 64 million , or 71 cents a share .
Despite the strong case for stocks , however , most pros warn that individuals should n't try to profit from short-term developments .
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom .
Milton B. Hollander , 60 years old , was named chief executive officer , succeeding Barrett B. Weekes .
But Mr. Foley predicted few economic policy changes ahead , commenting that Mr. Major shares `` a very similar view of the world '' with Mr. Lawson .
But trading was very sketchy , as investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks .
Cross & Trecker , a Bloomfield Hills , Mich. , machine-tool maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million .
The IRS recently amended the policy to cover stop-payment charges for checks lost by the IRS .
Just this past week , a leading Japanese bank asked for a meeting with the machinists ' union leaders to determine where the union would stand if another bid or recapitalization became possible .
September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology .
Gives me the willies just thinking about it .
Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other .
The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up .
The collection , which includes two early Picassos , a van Gogh , a Monet , other paintings , furniture and porcelains , went on sale last night in the first of six auctions .
Genentech 's first product , a brain protein called somatostatin , proved its technology .
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon .
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions .
But with every step I take , I 'm building wealth .
In late 1986 , he made an offer he thought the U.S. could n't refuse .
Spiegel , which also owns Eddie Bauer and Honeybee , says that since 1987 , sales have doubled during the week before Christmas .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rymer closed yesterday at $ 10.875 , down 12.5 cents .
( Reliance floated a $ 357 million petrochemical company in 1988 that was , at the time , the largest public issue in Indian history . )
One big problem has been the thoroughbred racehorse market .
Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink .
The British conglomerate , planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.03 billion ) takeover bid by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith , intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its value-boosting measures .
At least 270 people were reported killed and 1,400 injured in the rush-hour tremor that caused billions of dollars of damage along 100 miles of the San Andreas fault .
Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year .
Charlie Brown is selling out .
He packs pork .
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Within a few days in July , Inco raised its bid to $ 36 and United matched it .
THE U.S. . IS REQUIRED to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plans .
Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing .
The Justice Department indicated a possible challenge to a court order allowing former National Security Adviser Poindexter to subpoena ex-President Reagan 's personal papers for use in the defense case against Iran-Contra charges .
Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado .
`` For a member of the Rothschild family , the return to Frankfurt is a very meaningful event , although it might not mean as much to German banking as it means to us , '' says Baron David de Rothschild , Elie 's younger cousin and a partner in Rothschild & Cie . Banque in Paris .
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said .
Of course I 'd rather have a computer software firm in my backyard than a hazardous waste incinerator .
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer .
South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas .
Economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 2.90 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged .
And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 .
On Friday , the Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 15.82 at 2681.76 .
Ask Tommy Lasorda ; thin is in .
Much has been accomplished and public opinion decisively supports the government and the army -- but , on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured .
Bond prices rambled yesterday as investors kept close watch on the stock market and worried about a wave of new supply .
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago .
Alvin W. Trivelpiece , director of Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Oak Ridge , Tenn. , was elected a director of this optical-products concern .
Still , the incident was embarrassing .
As program trading comes under renewed attack for causing stock market gyrations , a few people on Wall Street say it is time to consider extreme measures .
`` Putting those times on the calendar , '' she says , `` is as important as remembering business appointments . ''
The two `` have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive , and Peter is very compulsive , '' adds Mr. Birnbaum , who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co .
What defeated General Aoun was not only the weight of the Syrian army .
This involves trade-offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' ''
The 301-year-old exchange is battered by enormous claims from a decade-long run of unprecedented disasters , the most recent of which is last week 's earthquake in California 's Bay Area .
`` It 's a baptism of fire for Corry , '' says one USX executive .
The less-rigorous Senate version would defer the deductibility for roughly five years .
The film producer , owned by Madrid-based financier Jacques Hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the Barcelona-based publishing group .
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . ''
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer .
Federal Reserve critics used to complain of `` stop and go '' monetary policies .
Sales for the company , based in Abbott Park , Ill. , rose 8.3 % to $ 1.31 billion from $ 1.21 billion .
`` One of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy , '' says Mr. Boesel of T. Rowe Price .
But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce .
`` I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat . ''
AVON RENT-A-CAR & TRUCK Corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock .
It would be sad for Mr. Gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes .
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters .
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . ''
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . ''
And he questions the White House dedication .
Mochida advanced 40 to 4,440 .
`` The blood flows to your head , you feel lightheaded and you do n't feel tension around the head or neck , '' says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month .
The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson , and Bill Alton as Father Jenco , but the network has some big names to contend with , too .
The state of Alaska recently bought the Veritrac system , he says , `` to monitor the Exxon cleanup effort . ''
As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories .
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says .
In yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations .
The fiercely proud but financially strapped British company prefers to remain independent and publicly held , despite Ford 's promise of access to cash and technological know-how .
And Mr. Eddington emphatically rules out a move to London : `` Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights . ''
They also said the dollar is leveling off after a rise this summer that helped to reduce the prices of imported goods .
4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , and eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ; will not seek through use of the relation-back doctrine to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them ; will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between the defendant and third parties ; and will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under { RICO } and otherwise .
Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % .
Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November .
The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days .
The computer system was operating , so orders could be taken .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Such so-called male-sterile plants can then be fertilized by pollen from another strain of the plant , thereby producing hybrid seed .
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents .
`` We 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said .
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves .
`` It looks like a holiday .
Between 1981 and 1986 , the most recent five-year period for which figures are available , Lloyd 's reported over # 3.6 billion in claims and reserves against future losses ( $ 5.7 billion at today 's exchange rates ) , more than double the # 1.35 billion posted in the previous five-year period .
There are $ 12,915,000 of 7 % term certificates due 2007 , priced to yield 7.15 % .
The most common conflict involves compensation .
`` Our ordnance business has been hurt very badly by the slowdown , '' says Arch Scurlock , TransTechnology 's chairman .
But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year .
While no one professes to know the exact cost of such a `` brain drain '' to the economy , hardly anyone doubts that it poses a threat .
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim .
Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents .
A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands , and in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto and demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest .
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away .
The eucalyptus plantation and pulp mill , which would have covered about 175,000 acres in the Irian Jaya region , had been approved by Indonesia 's investment board .
Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago-based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of black smoke into the air .
The urgency is heightened because this week 's earthquake -- while major and followed by hundreds of aftershocks -- did n't release enough pent-up energy tension along the faultlines to preclude more and bigger quakes soon .
Aflatoxin is released by molds during grain and seed storage .
The New York Stock Exchange said a seat sold for $ 436,000 , down $ 39,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 .
Dealers say the firm apparently has wanted to publicize its recent buying and subsequent selling of 30-year bonds by using Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Corp. as a broker .
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending .
`` Opening '' ( 1981 ) , from Glassworks , introduces the audience to the Glass technique : Never straying too far from the piano 's center , Mr. Glass works in the two octaves on either side of middle C , and his fingers seldom leave the keys .
It does n't take much to provoke an intense debate .
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business .
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement .
A majority of old contracts were renegotiated by the deadline and settled at steep discounts .
The company sells image .
`` The big word around Specialized is passion , '' says Erik Eidsmo , a former ski-industry executive whom Mr. Sinyard recruited from Citicorp to run marketing and sales .
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up .
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures .
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does .
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns .
It turns out Mr. Friend 's client , Machelle Parks of Cincinnati , did n't like the way defense attorney Tom Alexander acted during the legal proceedings .
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated , secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa .
Retired army Chief of Staff Krishnaswami Sundarji discloses in an interview that he suggested in May 1987 that the government cancel the Bofors contract .
`` If Webster had n't happened , you would n't be here , '' Linda Bowker tells a reporter in the Trenton office of the National Organization for Women .
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says .
In China , a great number of workers are engaged in pulling out the male organs of rice plants using tweezers , and one-third of rice produced in that country is grown from hybrid seeds .
`` But clearly we 're entering a difficult period . ''
`` Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says .
Company officials have said they plan to reduce that ratio to less than 50 % over the next 2 1\/2 years .
Mr. Bakes previously had a turn at running Continental .
Coca-Cola Enterprises said it had to boost spending for trade and dealer incentives to try to keep volumes from slipping .
The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange .
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories .
Sir Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank and NatWest Investment Bank Ltd .
Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through .
According to the transcript , Mr. Lorin said Mr. Laff should be killed after Mr. Aslanian told him that information given to Mr. Laff by another conspirator could jeopardize the stock scheme .
The plan creates a new category of students from `` socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , '' a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class .
The first signs of trouble came last month when the Hong Kong carrier , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year .
Declaring that there was life after Congress , he resigned almost immediately after media reports questioned the propriety of a 1986 junk-bond investment , before any official investigations took hold .
The relationship between surface release of CFCs and global stratospheric ozone loss was identified back in 1974 .
Dun & Bradstreet lost 1 7\/8 to 51 7\/8 on 1.8 million shares .
As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , `` We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter '' when Cray earned $ 88.5 million , or $ 2.80 a share .
Storage Technology Corp. had net income of $ 8.3 million , or 32 cents a share , for its fiscal-third quarter ended Sept. 29 , almost 15 times the $ 557,000 , or two cents a share , it posted for the year-ago period .
Three-month T-bill yields have fallen to 7.8 % from about 9 % at the start of the year .
`` It 's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts . ''
So the IRS has drawn a rationale from the sale of a home site split in two and sold in different years to the same buyer ; a court let the seller in that old case treat this as the sale of one residence .
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects .
( In Virginia , Marshall Coleman and his running mate , Eddy Dalton , are both on the defensive for opposing abortions even in cases of rape or incest . )
Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern .
The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options .
GM has scheduled overtime at its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants , which build the Chevrolet Cavalier .
Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way .
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries .
New York City bonds were sold off by many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty .
The $ 20,000 tax would be a small cost in a multibillion-dollar deal , but a serious drag on thousands of small , friendly deals .
Gold-oriented funds , for instance , which invest in companies that mine and process the precious metal , posted an average decline of 1.15 % .
Mr. Rogers , who was president and chief operating officer of Equifax , will retain his position as president .
Such a pace of growth , though respectable for mature industrialized economies , would be unusually slow for Hong Kong .
It lent money to banks and encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses .
Thus , the mere existence of a market-stabilizing agency helps to avoid panic in emergencies .
Interpublic Group of Cos. said third-quarter net rose 15 % to $ 6.9 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
He said that the research team had no financial stake in the drug .
Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article .
`` The proper climatic conditions do n't exist in many places in the world . ''
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered by Prudential-Bache Capital Funding Inc .
Other trips were more productive .
Among them , he says , is the family 's traditional ties to old wealth and decision-makers in banking and industry throughout Europe and beyond .
Periodically , there are threats that the program will fold .
What that will mean for manufacturers is anybody 's guess . ''
`` Marketers have brought this on themselves with their heavy use '' of promotions , contends Joe Plummer , an executive vice president at the D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles ad agency .
`` I 'm sure everybody else is putting pencil to paper , '' said Kathryn McAuley , an analyst with First Manhattan Co .
Still , it may be tough for the two to have a smooth partnership in anything , in the wake of sworn affidavits filed over the last week .
Guaranteed minimum 6 % .
The Bush White House is breeding non-duck ducks the same way the Nixon White House did : It hops on an issue that is unopposable -- cleaner air , better treatment of the disabled , better child care .
On Wednesday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. had to slash the size of Continental Airlines ' junk-bond offering to $ 71 million from $ 150 million .
He asked that the remaining U.S. humanitarian aid be diverted to disarming and demobilizing the rebels .
Rep. John LaFalce ( D. , N.Y . ) said Mr. Johnson refused to testify jointly with Mr. Mulford and instead asked to appear after the Treasury official had completed his testimony .
The company has already missed its initial Oct. 1 target date for completing the merger .
It ordered Rep. Bates to write letters of apology to Ms. Bertussi and to a second complainant , Karen Dryden .
Citicorp , for example , said only that it had `` expressions of interest of a transaction from both the borrowers and the banks , '' but did n't have an agreement .
One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it .
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 .
SEC staffers soon determined that a widely watched stock-market service , Quotron , had miscalculated the industrial average .
More recently , Guber Peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including Robert Redford and Ted Turner , for rights to the life story of Chico Mendes , the murdered Brazilian union leader who fought developers in the Amazon rain forest .
It advised the National Football League in its largely successful defense of antitrust charges by the United States Football League .
The $ 14 billion level in June marked a drop from $ 19 billion at the end of April .
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says .
The SEC 's Mr. Lane vehemently disputed those estimates .
The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's `` furniture and fixtures , '' were actually hanging in the chairman 's house .
The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as Siemens tumbled 7.5 to 544 , Deutsche Bank plunged 7 to 657 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well .
Start-up costs for the Washington Times alone were close to $ 50 million , and the total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million by 1984 .
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % .
Blair Entertainment , a New York firm that advises TV stations and sells ads for them , has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television .
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says .
Norimasa Furuta , president of Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. , said the Japanese car maker is planning joint production with Ford Motor Co. in Europe ahead of the European Community 's 1992 integration .
Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles , the bank said .
She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices , nutritional and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty .
And Oct. 24 , Quotron said it will market the automated trading system of broker-dealer Chapdelaine Government Securities Inc .
El Salvador is destroying more than 1.6 million pounds of food that had rotted in government warehouses , government officials said .
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early October .
He said he believes IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology .
The manufacturers said 14.2 % of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones , 17.5 % is to cut costs , 12.5 % is for research and development , and the rest is for maintenance and other purposes .
`` Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast . ''
RADIO MALAISE draws the ear of the Federal Communications Commission .
Jens-Uwe Fischer , a senior trader at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in Frankfurt , said he expects the dollar to recover within the next three months to around 1.88 marks as U.S. economic data , particularly U.S. trade figures , level off .
L.J. Hooker is owned by Hooker Corp. , Sydney , Australia , which itself is currently being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator .
Price controls were `` so fervently embraced by Charleston '' because price gouging in this situation is equivalent to looting .
Late Friday , the company reported a loss of $ 51.3 million for the third quarter after earning $ 9.2 million a year before .
For the nine months , net increased 14 % to $ 217.5 million , or $ 3.09 a share .
Combustion Engineering Inc. said third-quarter net income of $ 22.8 million , reversing a $ 91.7 million year-earlier loss .
He bites it , scowls and throws it down . ``
WASHINGTON LIES LOW after the stock market 's roller-coaster ride .
Adds Spencer Barasch , branch chief for enforcement at the SEC in Fort Worth , Texas : `` Why do people play the lottery when the odds are great against them ?
At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Boren and Cohen of wimping out , and they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the mining of Nicaraguan harbors and the Iran arms sales .
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners ' wealth .
Tomorrow 's `` On Sports '' column will look at another aspect of the college sports mess .
Like other zeros , they pay all their interest at maturity , meaning that buyers can time things so that their bonds pay off just when Junior graduates from high school .
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates .
The airline was the most active FT-SE 100 at 8.2 million shares traded .
She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country .
The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade , Time , Sports Illustrated and TV Guide .
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 1.52 billion from $ 1.48 billion .
Increasingly , the financial markets are reflecting the gloom .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3425.22 , up
Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % to $ 21.5 million , or 46 cents a share , while General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million , or $ 1.83 a share .
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry .
For instance , the insured municipal bonds that dominate the older couple 's portfolio were probably selected in large part for their low repayment risk .
Sales rose 9 % to $ 2.57 billion from $ 2.36 billion .
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom 's allegations .
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc .
Macy reported a net loss for fiscal 1989 of $ 53.7 million compared with a net loss of $ 188.2 million for fiscal 1988 .
Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill , saying the noise it requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation and even errors .
Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as `` half-baked '' in an article being published in an American economics journal .
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion .
Although , his help for the Contra cause was limited , it was enough to win him important protectors in the Reagan administration , says Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who then served on the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Continental Cablevision Inc. --
Instead , they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere 's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf .
And if we 're not ombudsman for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office .
The other lawyer in the office is partner Robert A. Macari , the firm 's legislative director .
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said .
The company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million .
Northeast 's previous offer had proposed that equity holders receive just $ 165 million .
Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests , generic drugs and veterinary products .
Mr. Pearce says law firms with the best chance of retaining or winning business with GM will be those providing the highest-quality service at the best cost -- echoing similar directives from GM 's auto operations to suppliers .
This may help explain why small businesses create 65 % of all jobs nationally , but only 22 % of jobs in a crime-ridden city like New York .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bay closed at $ 2.625 , down 25 cents .
But freshness counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples .
Alice Fixx , who runs her own public-relations concern in New York , says she has had to overhaul her pension and profit-sharing plans three times in the past three years .
I would tend to trust their judgment . ''
A Labor Department spokesman said the unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on southern states , particularly North Carolina and South Carolina .
Late in the day , Mr. Wolf issued a onepage statement calling Mr. Peterpaul 's blast `` divisive and uncalled for . ''
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant .
The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational .
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field .
Some forms of private property would be sanctioned .
Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . ''
Arvind Patel , a processor and exporter of the seed , raves : `` If psyllium takes the place of oat bran , it will be huge . ''
Overall , his investments so far this year are showing gains of about 20 % , he adds .
The commission denied Mr. Semel 's request that the fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal .
Accepted theories state that investors require higher returns on riskier investments .
One price-depressing development was the lower-than-expected increase of only 0.2 % in the consumer price index for September , an analyst said .
`` If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , '' says George Palmatier , a Minden , Nev. , sales consultant and author of `` The Marketing Edge . ''
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship .
They believe microeconomics , which addresses the problems of markets , investment climate and management practices , is the key to developing-country growth , not the IMF 's Keynesian focus on trade deficits , quarterly targets and government debt .
This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments .
Mr. Roh also said South Korea is taking steps that would free the won to respond to market forces .
Prudential 's Final Four
Adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management strife have put pressure on the entire Helmsley organization .
-- Sam Ewing .
Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem .
The farmer leaves .
Judges Miner and Altimari do not appear to have a clue .
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares , compared with 678 million Tuesday .
Sandra Kaul , research analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the Ivory Coast , a major cocoa producer .
In addition to Unocal 's 153,000 barrel-a-day refinery near Lemont , Ill. , the new venture would control 17 distribution terminals , a lubricating-oil blending and packaging plant , and 131 company-owned Unocal service stations .
`` We wo n't have any more of this wayward behavior , '' says Sir Peter Hordern , a backbench Tory member of Parliament .
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 .
No one seems willing to hold anyone in public life to a standard higher than the narrowest construction of the law .
The ceiling would be lifted to 21.5 million barrels to provide Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others .
`` People see activity in there , and the next thing you know , you 've got a haunting , '' he says .
But until then , and probably long afterward , the Communists ' apparat of obstruction -- from the head of the dairy co-op to the village bank manager -- will stay planted in the Polish countryside .
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . ''
Britain and all of Europe need to reconsider the prospects for European integration in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany .
New York City -- $ 786,860,000 of bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 729.04 million tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.82 million taxable bonds , via a Goldman Sachs group .
It would extinguish all of Eagle 's existing capital stock and issue new stock to York as sole holder .
These are sometimes dubbed `` emerging '' growth companies , though they also have expanding-profit track records .
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .
The upper echelon of this group were shares of the `` nifty 50 '' companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily , if not spectacularly , through thick and thin .
`` What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it .
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today .
The British Petroleum Co. PLC said its BP Exploration unit has produced the first oil from its Don oilfield in the North Sea .
Argentina and Britain agreed to resume diplomatic and economic relations , seven years after the two nations battled over the Falkland Islands .
`` The only way to reduce the costs is to say we do n't want to pay the bill , '' said Rep. Neal Smith ( D. , Iowa ) , who taunted President Bush 's party to back up his campaign promise of supporting the claims of $ 20,000 per individual .
And that 's a problem .
It is the opinion of Timothy Good , author of `` Above Top Secret : The World UFO Cover-Up '' ( Quill\/William Morrow , 592 pages , $ 12.95 ) , that the world laughs too fast .
They also wanted to prevent a NATO training base being built in the region , he said .
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories .
2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach .
However , a spokeswoman for BankAmerica Corp. said yesterday 's absenteeism at the bank holding company was no greater than on an average day .
Proceeds of the issue will be used for general government purposes .
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 .
And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off .
Meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value .
As to negotiations with creditors , Mr. Lorenzo said in remarks after the conference `` we 'll have to see how they { talks } come along . ''
The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 after a government audit cited National Technical Schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program and having a student drop-out rate far in excess of federal standards , and it alleged other serious violations of law and regulations .
The fund invests mainly in gold and silver bullion .
In particular , a common law of white-collar crime has developed with surprising rapidity over the past decade .
He 's put a fresh spin on material that could come off terribly cliched ; for example , the way Susie wows an audience the first time she sings with the Baker Boys .
The financial services company , which has about 98.8 million shares outstanding , noted its `` continued confidence in the ongoing strength of the operations .
`` It happens . ''
At the other end of the life cycle is `` Dad , '' Gary David Goldberg 's adaptation of the William Wharton novel .
Also , AMR was the most active Big Board issue ; 2.8 million shares changed hands .
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats .
William Lynes , a retired engineer from Lockheed Corp. , says he and his wife , Lily , warmed to the investment pitches of a penny-stock peddler from Stuart-James Co. in Atlanta after the broker told them he , too , had once worked with Lockheed .
Since the hurricane , Midway Airlines Inc. and American Airlines , a unit of AMR Corp. , trimmed their one-way fares to the Virgin Islands to $ 109 from prices that were at times double that before the storm .
Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year-ago period .
`` It was scary to people thinking that they could n't get their trades off . ''
AT&T said that based on studies of other companies that have offered retirement plans , it expects about one-third of its eligible managers to retire under the new program .
Both figures were record highs .
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers .
The OECD said that most of the improvement occurred in the second half of last year ; since February of this year , unemployment has been steady at around 6.2 % of the labor force .
From my own point of view , given the qualities of humanity , creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel , we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear , and which seem to run in such short supply these days .
Indeed , the name derives from the tendency among telemarketing scammers to rent cheap basement space , near the boiler room .
`` That 's going to cost IBM revenue . ''
Until the collapse of this bid , Mr. Wolf was regarded as one of the nation 's savviest airline executives after engineering turnarounds of Tiger International Inc. and Republic Airlines .
CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too .
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % .
All administrative rights for the U.S. jointly controlled by both companies .
In a June 5 reaction , the Bankers Trust Co. unit proclaimed the economy `` shockproof . ''
Vienna , Va.-based Legent said it expects to post revenue for the quarter of more than $ 31 million , compared with pro forma revenue of $ 25.2 million in 1988 .
He and his father still spend time each summer fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
Last week alone , an eye-popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm .
Taking into account nonrecurring gains and losses , Hachette 's group net income for the first six months of this year totaled 246.6 million francs , practically double the year-earlier figure of 124.5 million francs .
That disclosure came , a Delmed spokeswoman said , after the American Stock Exchange alerted the company that trading would n't resume in its stock until additional information about developments was provided .
The entire site is enclosed by a 6-to-8-foot-high ornamental iron fence with a small number of remote-controlled gates .
This trader said that he thought the market would turn aggressively bullish from a technical standpoint if the December contract was able to exceed 75.75 cents .
Victoria , Texas
`` They need to do something about this , '' said Maury Harris , economist at PaineWebber Group Inc .
That figure has been inching up for several years .
It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares , including 30,000 shares bought last Thursday for $ 35.50 to $ 36.50 a share .
`` This bad trade number raises some deeper issues about the market decline , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist for Mellon Bank .
Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million .
Last month , Whittle announced it had sold $ 150 million in advertising time on the network to national advertisers .
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years .
The second source of error in growth statistics is the use of inappropriate deflators to adjust for price changes .
In addition , analysts have viewed the rights offering as a takeover defense that prospectively balloons the number of shares outstanding .
Nearly 75 options traders on the Chicago Board Options Exchange who cleared trades through Petco , including a handful of traders who lost between $ 500,000 to $ 1 million themselves as a result of Friday 's debacle , are trying to transfer their business to other clearing firms , CBOE members said .
The journalistic consensus was that the earthquake made the World Series seem unimportant .
The chairs are S-Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could .
Mr. Tinker later left to become chairman of National Broadcasting Co .
Consider the New America High Income Fund .
The junk-mail titans , ever optimistic , are looking for ways around the problem .
`` My impression is that there is n't anything which arouses our interest at first glance , '' says an official from Japan 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry .
Five minutes before the Big Board opened , a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share from Monday 's close .
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications .
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5\/8 to 560 .
The mural , now valued at $ 1.3 million according to appraisers , was tossed in a trash heap in 1971 by workers who were renovating the building .
First , its position in the government is anomalous .
The company has consistently earned more than a 20 % annual return on its net worth while many companies would be happy with 15 % .
Callers will be sent educational booklets , and the call 's modest cost will be an immediate method of raising money .
He said the ordinance also will benefit the mentally retarded .
Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer .
The usual warning signs of hypoglycemia include sweating , anxiety and cramps .
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading , stock in Georgia Gulf , which has been mentioned as a takeover candidate , rose $ 2.125 a share to close at $ 46.125 .
When it announced the planned breakup in May , Cray Research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth .
The main components of the various asseet categories : Housing : Primary home , but not the land it 's on .
We reinvented it .
Earlier this month , McCaw revised its offer to $ 125 a share for 22 million LIN shares .
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right .
But analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order backlogs have declined for three months in a row .
Of Bechtel 's 17,500 employees , about 4,000 work in San Francisco -- one-third of them commuting from stricken East Bay .
But do n't do anything rash .
The company expects to reopen three Target stores and all but two Mervyn 's today or tomorrow .
`` Mad Rush '' began its life as the accompaniment to the Dalai Lama 's first public address in the U.S. , when Mr. Glass played it on the organ at New York 's Cathedral of St. John the Divine .
New trade accords were signed .
Net loss : $ 100.2 million ; $ 1.90 a share
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
It said then it had had and would continue to have discussions with Anacomp 's management concerning its investment .
A spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector .
But one far-afield effect is still with us .
I 'm not going to address questions of safety ! '' )
`` The Japanese apple market is very keyed to high quality , '' says David Lane , a scientist at a Canadian horticulture research center in Summerland , British Columbia , and so apples are more of a delicacy there than a big food commodity .
They only know of one use for the crop , as a laxative , and with psyllium prices currently languishing in the wake of a bumper crop , they think of the seed as a marginal crop , something to grow between summer wheat crops .
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue .
Seventeen percent reported their customers being robbed .
Most are trim .
Lately , analysts say , Deutsche Bank has shocked some in the French financial community by indicating it wants a strong bank with a large number of branches .
Boeing Co. 's third-quarter profit leaped 68 % , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line .
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 .
`` I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , '' says Steven Greenberg , publisher of Fame .
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
A young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a hotdog .
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 .
I do n't know how much got through .
Bush administration officials say inflation is under control .
Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann , chief of information policy .
Although such a venture would n't match the `` fourth network '' created by News Corp. 's Fox Broadcasting Co. , MCA and Paramount may have similar ambitions .
Volatility is here to stay . ''
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors .
Nonsense !
Mr. Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces after Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies , according to David Runkel , a Justice Department spokesman .
Analysts expect Armstrong to use proceeds of the sale to reduce debt , buy back stock or perhaps finance an acquisition .
Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems .
If I need to ask for money up front later , I will . ''
Analysts were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders at the computer maker .
But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year .
The Nasdaq 100 rose 7.08 to 445.23 .
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .
`` All the commissioners were in amazing agreement { to re-examine regulation } for only having been together for a few months . ''
Friday 's auction will be limited to $ 150 million disbursed by the Central Bank to potential investors .
While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship .
Japanese culture vs. American culture is irrelevant .
Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot and consulting on various projects on a `` daily basis , '' the attorney says .
While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete .
Meanwhile , the government 's Land Bureau reports that only about a third of Korean families own their own homes .
As Mr. Roderick once said : `` We 're a two-product company and , boy , if you ca n't figure out the value of those two parts , you are so damn dumb that you do n't belong on Wall Street . ''
Fees 2 .
That power can sometimes be abused , particularly since jurists in smaller jurisdictions operate without many of the restraints that serve as corrective measures in urban areas .
Virginia Commonwealth University sociologist David Bromley , who more than any other researcher has delved into the complex world of Unificationist finances , has concluded that profitable operations in the U.S. have been the exceptions rather than the rule .
The state of California , following the lead of some regional parks , recently adopted regulations that closed nearly all hiking paths in state parks to mountain bicycles .
`` Maybe three years ago , there were a lot of { Ty } Cobbs in the hobby , and awhile back there were Babe Ruth checks , '' says Mr. Smalling .
Red tractors gingerly picked at the rubble while jackhammers tried to break up some of the massive slabs of concrete .
`` We always heard about the earthquake , but as children we did n't always listen .
`` Many members feel there are important features of the House bill that should be enacted , '' Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) said .
He throws something .
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase .
Mr. Bebear made his remarks at a breakfast meeting with reporters here yesterday as part of a tour in which he is trying to rally support in the U.S. for the proposed acquisition .
The administration has reacted to criticism that it mishandled the latest coup attempt by seeking to blame Congress for restrictions the White House said have hampered its freedom of action .
Double-Jointed
Prosecutors wanted $ 23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 400,000 .
But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further .
Wow !
American Exploration Co. , offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Pinkerton 's had locked itself into low-price contracts to win new business , with no hope of profitability until the contracts expired , he adds .
The lawsuit alleges that an inventory of Pinkerton 's memorabilia disclosed that one of the watches had n't been forked over by American Brands .
Such an embarrassment of riches was inconceivable to the man who discovered the Burgess Shale , one Charles Doolittle Walcott .
After today 's announcement , that range could increase to $ 3.35 to $ 3.40 a share .
But now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk .
The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery .
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors .
4 . Make your due-process system visible .
Also , the region 's insistence on strict building codes helped prevent wider damage .
While welcoming Nicholas McInnes 's Sept. 18 letter offering corrections to your `` World-Wide Tax Revolution '' table ( editorial page , Aug. 29 ) , I am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home .
Marathon has benefited from higher crude-oil prices and strong demand for refined products .
Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will indefinitely lay off about 325 workers in the Peoria area and temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both November and December .
And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago , New York and 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network .
Sea Containers will soon set a date for its annual shareholder meeting to seek holder approval for the offer .
But the talks yielded `` nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , '' he said .
The move , subject to a definitive agreement , is part of a trend by big-city banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business .
Call option beginning March 31 , 1992 , if the price of the stock rises more than 50 % within 30 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons .
So , as the Old Crowd toppled from the branch , it should n't have been too surprised .
The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp .
All told , Mr. Parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned fragment than anyone might have had a right to expect .
`` It impresses on ordinary , young Filipinos that there 's nothing to feel inferior about in using their own language , '' says Randy David , a sociologist and host of a popular television talk show .
Some diaries simply are n't worth snooping in .
IRA rules have been changed over the years .
2 . Provide better incentives .
The rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and only minor loan losses .
But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market .
`` We stand for peace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow , '' said Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who , along with five of his colleagues , served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago .
Betty Lombardi is a mild-mannered homemaker and grandmother in rural Hunterdon County , N.J .
Democrats counter that the Republicans have often used the same rules to suit their own ends .
With most legislatures adjourned for the year , small business is tallying its scorecard .
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
Such sudden cultural shifts may come across as a bit forced , but they seem to be genuine -- so much so , in fact , that some older employees have resisted .
Merrill Lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose CDs it sells , which it did n't provide in 1986 .
What 's more , the seven mail personnel aboard were missing .
The December contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 .
Still , local builders are eager to tell the world that most of San Francisco does n't look like the TV images of destruction .
Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion .
Woolworth said it expects to expand usage of the MCI services as it adds about 6,000 business locations over the next few years .
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
Testimony is expected to continue until early December .
Though no formal trade barriers exist , the Japanese computer industry is difficult for outsiders to enter .
In over-the-counter trading , MGM Grand was bid at $ 17.50 a share .
The buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan .
`` We 're confident we 'll be paying our bills for spring merchandise as well . ''
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates .
Sales for both years reflect 12-month performances for each year of I. Magnin , Bullock 's , and Bullocks Wilshire .
Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to and from work , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Dixie and Husky .
`` Some people call me the communist billionaire , '' she has told visitors .
The perception lingers , says an official at a major industrial company .
Over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 80 magazines annually , according to Donald Kummerfeld , president of the Magazine Publishers of America .
This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice .
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said .
It is n't yet clear whether the 200-ruble limit will be lifted .
In many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a dribble of cash was left for the purported beneficiaries .
The action is a counterclaim to a suit filed by Alaska in August against Exxon and six other oil companies .
`` I expect all the companies to appeal , '' he added .
The national office currently has 21 noncriminal audit projects , according to Marshall V. Washburn , deputy assistant commissioner for examination .
Housing has been weak all year and especially so in the past five months .
`` We see it becoming a bargain-basement kind of business . ''
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which fell 15.82 points Friday , was down 5.16 points , or 0.19 % , at 2676.60 .
He added the airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid , and has n't participated in bankers ' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed .
Since the mid-1980s , Japan 's other major real estate purchases in the U.S. include Dai-Ichi Seimei America Corp. 's $ 670 million purchase of an office building at 153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 and Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building , part of Rockefeller Center , in 1986 .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Union Pacific jumped $ 1.375 to $ 75 a share .
The 100-foot-long mural , painted by James Daugherty in 1934 , was commissioned by the federal Works Project Administration .
Dollar : 141.45 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8355 marks , off 0.0115 .
Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ?
The damage is already done .
The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing .
Stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 3.69 points on the day .
Mr. Mitterrand also proposed a separate `` Bank for Europe '' that would channel development money to the East .
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah .
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid .
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering .
Tomorrow , Resolution Funding Corp. , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled thrifts , will hold its first bond auction at which it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds .
UAL stock dropped $ 1.625 yesterday to $ 190.125 on volume of 923,500 shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The news sent Winnebago stock falling 62.5 cents , to $ 5.25 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading - a 52-week low .
And investment is the key word for base metals , and most other businesses Trelleborg is in .
He also noted that stocks on Aug. 1 , 1990 , are currently projected at 3.3 million bales , the smallest end-of-season supply since 1985 .
Mr. Hastings was appointed to the federal bench by President Carter in 1979 and was one of the few black federal judges in the country .
`` This plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . ''
Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here , and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left .
Five months later , Mr. Tisch took over as CBS 's chief executive , and soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson scribbled a frighteningly large figure on a slip of paper , sealed it in an envelope and gave it to sports negotiators .
`` If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples .
Analysts were disappointed that Digital 's new line apparently wo n't contribute much to earnings before the next fiscal year , which begins in July .
Elliott Abrams , a veteran of intelligence committee debates , doubts that even Grenada or the Libyan raid would have taken place if `` consensus '' had been required .
It is building , among other things , a new laser-beam-printer factory in western Japan that can produce up to 150,000 printers next year .
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices .
She said the company could pay as much as 25 % more for the ships .
Most oil companies , including Mobil , have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings , largely as a result of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses .
The attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors , as shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions .
Interest income rose 29 % to about $ 1.35 billion from $ 1.05 billion .
Partners lecture on how to form corporations , draft agreements and defend clients against unwanted tender offers .
`` They 've got too much invested in the old stuff and they ca n't get their workers to be flexible . ''
Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English .
After four years , though , the South Gardens design is 100 % uncollaborated Jennifer Bartlett .
Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates .
And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors .
The authority will issue a total of $ 446.5 million of pollution-control revenue bonds .
Larsen & Toubro , for example , says it 's raising $ 570 million to use as supplier credit on large engineering jobs .
If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins , as some suggest she will , his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor .
Its role in the economies of developing countries has grown steadily since the 1970s .
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 .
Under the new plan being considered , the notes would reset annually at a rate to maintain a market value of 101 .
John Bonomo , a Nynex spokesman , says the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job .
The Chinese problem is much greater -- it 's how to industrialize to begin with . ''
BROKERAGE HIRING languishes amid market turmoil .
It will be hard down the road to persuade Congress to approve money for SDI plans if lawmakers fear those plans could scuttle a completed treaty .
Unions are pressing demands for wage increases of more than 10 % despite general belief that economic growth next year will be less than 2 % .
GORBACHEV SAID Moscow wo n't intervene in East bloc moves to democracy .
Warner Communications Inc. is close to an agreement to back a new recorded music and music publishing company in partnership with Irving Azoff , who resigned in September as head of MCA Inc. 's MCA Records unit .
So would someone recently divorced or widowed .
And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort .
This is keeping the gold traders handcuffed . ''
A minor bureaucrat dies suddenly , dooming his family to poverty and eventual disgrace .
ABBIE : `` I 'm OK , Jack .
Toyobo Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Daiwa Europe Ltd .
When his Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago , Jack Purnick had 25 workers and a large factory .
Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue .
The Communist Party chief , facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 40 years , also said he would allow East Germans to travel abroad more freely , but made clear that the Berlin Wall would remain .
Warner , which is in the process of being acquired by New York-based Time Warner Inc. , also said it paid the two producers a fixed annual salary of $ 3 million .
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates .
Canada 's consumer price index rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 % in September from August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said .
The previous year 's third quarter included gains on the sale of aircraft by the company 's Aviation Leasing & Services Division .
Chairman Krebs says the California pension fund is getting a bargain price that would n't have been offered to others .
The average after-tax return on investment in 1986 , the most recent year for which results are available , was 6.5 % , according to Chatset Ltd. , an insurance consulting firm in London .
A 10-gallon water cooler had toppled onto the floor , soaking the red carpeting .
The year-earlier figures included $ 9.9 million , or three cents a share , in income from discontinued operations .
At most firms , though , it 's the immediate supervisor who decides the merit increases subordinates will be paid .
Some executives also cite tension because of efforts by Mr. Sorrell , a financial man , to cut costs at the agency .
Merchants Bank of New York lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share .
Digital , Maynard , Mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM 's .
In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products .
Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris .
`` Generalizations about value are n't useful , '' says New York money manager John LeFrere of Delta Capital Management .
Revenue rose 7.6 % to $ 12.97 billion from $ 12.05 billion .
Yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase .
This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season .
The Wall Street Journal `` American Way of Buying '' Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls conducted for the Journal by Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization .
`` A lot of people would like to go back to 1970 , '' before program trading , he said .
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million .
On Wednesday , the market opened bullishly with high turnover , ignoring the volatility in New York stocks .
In the first scenario , the reserves would be exhausted next year , and in the second they would be wiped out in 1991 .
There are no agreements yet . ''
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.60 yen , up from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen .
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor .
The other 40 % said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down .
Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook .
He added that , after an initial surge triggered by an advertising blitz in March , Sears expected that the pricing program would n't have any effect on revenue .
They , in turn , lent money to their customers -- who were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares .
Under the new approach , Sears set prices that were somewhere between its old `` regular '' and `` sale '' prices .
But Judge Arthur Alarcon , joined by Judge Cynthia Holcomb Hall , took the astonishing position that it is perfectly OK to fabricate quotations so long as a judge finds that the fabrications do not alter substantive content or are rational interpretations of ambiguous remarks .
The machine employs reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , technology .
Phoenix declined to comment .
Britain 's chief justice quashed the murder convictions of four people for Irish Republican Army bombings that killed seven people in 1974 .
But I liked the easy friendliness of the people around me , liked it that they 'd brought their children , found it charming that , true citizens of the state of the future , they had brought so many TVs and radios to stay in touch with electroreality at a live event .
The year-ago quarter 's results were crimped by expenses associated with Spiegel 's $ 260 million acquisition of catalog-clothing-merchandiser Eddie Bauer , Spiegel noted .
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 .
London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge .
That `` suggests the manufacturing sector is not falling apart , '' said Sally Kleinman , an economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. in New York .
White House aides know it 's a step that ca n't be taken lightly -- and for that reason , the president may back down from launching a test case this year .
The lonely woman walks on in the direction of the Plaza de Alonso Martinez .
Third-quarter profit was 16 % below the $ 304 million , or $ 1.50 a share , earned in the 1989 second quarter .
Conner already is shipping its new drives .
Another challenges Merrill Lynch 's bond recommendation last year .
`` I think it was something that we and they thought was constructive , '' said Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of Integrated .
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .
But it now offers more two-button versions and suits with a tapered fit .
Fees 1 1\/2 .
Court documents filed by prosecutors indicate Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment .
He said the original proposal is dead , and all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price British Air would be willing to pay .
The trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in September with a hung jury .
With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it .
Takanori Mizuno , chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. , a Tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , `` The junk bond market became very jittery , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies .
Michael L. Bandler , vice president for network technology at Pacific Bell Telephone Co. , says nearly all the network 's computer switches , which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another , changed to battery power when the city lost power .
Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the ad agencies or the politicians involved .
Foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has preoccupied the market since Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged more than 190 points .
The Communists spent 40 years working to ensure that no such capitalistic structures ever arose here .
There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 .
Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion .
Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down to a U.S. proposal to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .
There are still bulls out there .
-- Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures .
There are more than 650 stocks on which options may be bought and sold , including some over-the-counter stocks .
Bids totaling $ 415 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 7.986 % .
Dow officials were signaling that the company would earn less than $ 15 a share this year even before they announced in July a plan to acquire 67 % of Marion Laboratories Inc .
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 .
Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms , balconies , fireplaces , chimneys , microwaves and dishwashers .
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street , trading executives say .
`` Without some real product improvements , it 's going to be difficult to win that loyalty back . ''
The roller-coaster stock market is making life tougher for small companies trying to raise money .
`` We were disappointed we could n't use wood , '' says architect Walter J. Richardson , `` but the Japanese only want stronger materials . ''
Corporations need liquidity , in the form of borrowed funds .
The session failed to enact any new curbs .
Daffynition
Sperry merged with Burroughs Corp. to become Unisys Corp. in late 1986 .
But yesterday 's rally among `` good '' junk was a badly needed tonic for the market .
NEW ACCOUNT :
The magnitude of the exchange 's problems may not become known for some time because of Lloyd 's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims .
Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth , the company said .
Mr. Baker 's assistant for inter-American affairs , Bernard Aronson , while maintaining that the Sandinistas had also broken the cease-fire , acknowledged : `` It 's never very clear who starts what . ''
It is payable Dec. 10 to stock of record Nov. 24 .
But the notebook , with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk , is more innovative .
`` Even when I hear it played badly , I 'm still humbled by the piece .
Meanwhile , President Bush stepped up his personal lobbying for the capital-gains tax cut .
Christie 's will soon have a sale of Dada and Symbolist art while Sotheby 's is luring collectors with sales of Swiss , German , Spanish , Australian and Canadian paintings .
He can match Jackie Mason with his own Robert `` Sonny '' Carson , an angry street organizer who was convicted of kidnapping in 1974 .
Chase had purchased an option to buy the building at One New York Plaza for an undisclosed sum from the late Sol Atlas as part of its original lease in 1970 .
DDB Needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added .
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion .
Guarantee by Industrial Bank of Japan .
The move is sure to heighten concerns about increased Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms .
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase .
JMB officials are expected to be hired to represent the pension fund on the Santa Fe Pacific Realty board , Mr. Roulac said , to insulate the fund from potential liability problems .
Who cares ?
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
`` Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar , '' the analyst said .
`` We 're strongly recommending that anyone who has eaten in the cafeteria this month have the shot , '' Mr. Mattausch added , `` and that means virtually everyone who works here .
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on .
The typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute .
Business : Restaurants
In all , federal outlays amounted to $ 1.143 trillion in 1989 , up 7.5 % from the previous year , the Treasury said .
But traders said the market 's tone could pick up this week if New York City 's $ 787 million bond offering goes well .
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % .
He describes a drowned corpse as `` Esther Williams . ''
Mr. Corr resigned to pursue other business interests , the airline said .
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers .
From the Sept. 30-Oct . 4 issue of The Economist :
Such bonds , she says , are those that are nearing their call date .
They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and , with the help of the FBI , taped their conversation with him .
During the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 0.2 % a month , the agency said .
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 542 to 362 , while 208 issues were unchanged .
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived .
Mr. Francois-Poncet responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management .
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families .
Here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 95 of every $ 100 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower .
The fine and suspension , announced in August , are the stiffest sanctions the Comex has ever ordered against one of its members .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.8 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.81 billion in maturing bills .
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher .
Pushing the issue on legislation needed to avoid default by the federal government , he told reporters , `` does n't seem to be very good strategy to me . ''
As Judge Kozinski put it : `` To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print ... .
Hartford expects to report a further pretax loss of about $ 30 million for the current quarter , as a result of the California earthquake this month , ITT added .
It also generates pieces of the missile shield called the Strategic Defense Initiative .
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe .
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year .
Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year .
But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels and vintage wine .
Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds .
Mr. Beale commented that the mark remains well bid against other currencies as well .
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard .
Separately , for the first nine months , Soo Line reported a loss of $ 398,000 , or four cents a share , compared with net income of $ 12.5 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier .
Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available .
Sales increased in the quarter ended Sept. 30 to $ 747.8 million from $ 623.5 million a year ago .
Revenue rose 6 % to $ 2.79 billion from $ 2.63 billion .
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs .
While Mr. Timbers explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects .
In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said .
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year .
And then there 's always State U .
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO .
The Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home Wednesday .
There was just one sticking point : The two had a prior commitment .
He also lets workers vent steam through an elaborate grievance procedure and , as a perk , fly free in empty cockpit seats .
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen .
`` There should be no great rush for investors to buy this .
Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters .
He will succeed Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month .
ABUSE to our bodies is overwhelming .
But the trust , in most cases , is forbidden from seeking a buyer for only its shares before November 1993 .
Independent directors would have veto rights to any acquisition if they unanimously decide it is n't in LIN 's best interest .
In addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used substances .
And he told the physicist that China 's leaders were `` very much concerned '' about the deaths and had arranged aid for the victims ' families .
Mr. Allen , appointed by President Reagan , grew understandably tired of dealing with the guerrilla tactics of his enemies .
Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . ''
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % .
Under Northern Trust 's plan , shareholders were issued rights that , in the event of certain attempted takeovers , allow holders to buy shares in the company at half price .
A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 ( $ 16.02 ) a share , or about # 1.8 billion ( $ 2.88 billion ) , several analysts believe .
The benchmark 30-year bond , which traded as high as 102 1\/4 during the day , ended at 101 17\/32 .
Net surged to $ 210.8 million , or $ 2.68 a share , from $ 26.7 million , or 33 cents a share , a year earlier .
Ken Ruberg , head of the Republican Mainstream Committee , a group of party moderates , observes : `` The administration finds itself in an ideological cul de sac that it will find it difficult -- if not impossible -- to get itself out of .
But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured .
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one-third that of the Americans .
Santa Fe Pacific Corp. is preparing a plan to sell a 20 % stake in its large real estate unit to a California public employee pension fund for $ 400 million , after which it would spin off the realty operation to shareholders .
`` They check in , but they ca n't check out . ''
Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines .
Mr. Morishita says he intends to expand his business to many other areas at home and abroad .
Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia .
The baseball commissioner said the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park .
Carat 's Gross brothers invented the idea of large-scale buying of media space .
Britain 's U.N. representative and delegation head Crispin Tickell called the first meeting `` good , interesting and businesslike .
Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co .
Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares in index-arbitrage trading , and is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading , which includes index arbitrage .
Couple Counseling Grows to Defuse Stress
`` There is no violation of the capitalistic principle of private property in what we are doing , '' says Lee Kyu Hwang , director of the government 's Land Bureau , which drafted the bills .
Finding God
To many Japanese , pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory .
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega may have accomplished over the weekend what his U.S. antagonists have failed to do : revive a constituency for the Contra rebels .
Genetic Defect Spotted In 3-Day-Old Embryo
Trinova Corp. said it will resume buying back as many as three million of its common shares under a program announced two years ago .
The announcement boosted the charter-shipping company 's shares , which closed at $ 15.125 , up $ 1.25 a share , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange .
The stock market reacted strongly to the news .
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index fell 148.85 points to 35378.44 .
We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs .
`` What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out . ''
That 's the only question we need to address .
Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests .
`` There is a one-out-of-three shot of getting it this year , '' said Sen. David Boren of Oklahoma , a leading Democratic proponent of cutting the capital-gains tax .
Great Western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter .
`` I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , '' he said .
It `` is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15-day car supply does n't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one , '' a Chrysler spokesman said .
Mr. Price co-founded MTM in 1969 with U.S. actress Mary Tyler Moore and Grant Tinker , her then-husband .
But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people tested with the devices .
The Justice Department alleges that the company `` engaged in various forms of misrepresentation '' with the goal of reducing the appraised value of employees ' homes .
It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices .
Westridge Capital has used enhanced indexing techniques to beat the S&P 500 's returns by 2.5 to 3 percentage points over the past four years , with the same risk level as holding the S&P 500 stocks , according to James Carder , the firm 's president .
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. 's Market Data Retrieval unit said it acquired School and College Construction Reports service from Intelligence for Education Inc .
Still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject .
By contrast , traditional buy-and-hold investors are unlikely to generate sudden price moves .
WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk .
RD :
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations .
David N. Hurwitz , president and chief operating officer of Goodson , said in a telephone interview that the company does n't currently have any plans to sell additional newspapers .
But only 17.5 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market .
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said .
TW Services Inc. posted a $ 3.3 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 24.9 million profit , reflecting $ 60 million of expenses related to its much-publicized proposed takeover by Coniston Partners .
DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained .
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents .
In the current-coupon sector , a shift in the Treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of long-dated issues over short-dated securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings .
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent .
Already , USX Corp. and Armco Inc. are studying Nucor 's technology to see if they can adopt it .
Sears then went back to AEW , the Boston pension adviser that had proposed a convertible debt deal during the first round of bids last spring .
The measure before the conference yesterday funds the Departments of State , Justice and Commerce through fiscal 1990 .
Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment .
Such orders can have a wide-ranging impact on third parties who do business with the defendants , including clients , vendors , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others .
He said he monitors the money-supply figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested .
As a result , yields on long-term muni bonds now stand at about 95 % of long-term Treasury yields , the highest such level in more than two years .
He said the recent decline in copper stocks was misleading in the face of a slowdown in manufacturing .
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs .
An earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that 's short-term .
When the computer says switch , Renaissance switches .
But with sales growth sluggish and other men 's stores putting on the heat , the venerable retailer can no longer afford such a smug attitude .
He added , however , that inflation could be brought down `` close to zero '' without throwing the economy into a recession .
John Dingell demagogues a David Baltimore , animal-rights activists do $ 3.5 million of damage to labs at the U.Cal-Davis , Meryl Streep decries the horrors of chemistry on talk shows , Jeremy Rifkin files lawsuits in federal court to thwart biotech experiments , and Dutch-elm-disease researcher Gary Strobel 's own colleagues at Montana State denounce him for `` violating '' EPA rules .
Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants .
Some of the most vivid bulletins came over The Well , a Sausalito , Calif. , board that is one of the liveliest outposts of the electronic underground .
But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories .
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible .
It 's quite a fall from the early 1980s , when Kidder still was counted as an investment-banking powerhouse .
The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers .
While no doubt agreeing with Mr. Lawson on everything else , Sir Alan is a dyed-in-the-wool monetarist , inclined to defend floating rates to the death .
An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million .
Also , a contract with the United Auto Workers at the company 's helicopter plant in Philadelphia expired Oct. 15 .
In London , British Airways Chairman Lord King was quoted in the Times as declaring he is `` not prepared to take my shareholders into a hasty deal . ''
What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich ( `` Dangerous Liaisons '' ) , Joan Allen ( `` The Heidi Chronicles '' ) , and Glenne Headly ( `` Lonesome Dove '' ) , and the company crumbles ?
The increase follows the company 's report of strong earnings for the third quarter , and reflects what American Brands called its `` tradition of sharing earnings growth '' with shareholders .
Stocks : Volume 166,900,000 shares .
Now Pinkerton 's could become entangled in a protracted legal fracas with its former parent .
But `` a bunch of utilities '' should post profit increases .
Much of the picture 's sensuality emerges from cinematographer Michael Ballhaus 's slyly seductive lens work .
More than $ 1.8 million is allocated for pensions and expenses for former presidents , and the budget for the official residence of Vice President Quayle is more than doubled , with $ 200,000 designated for improvements to the property .
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target .
Although the company could see fourth-quarter revenue shrink by nearly $ 5 billion if it is n't able to deliver any more planes this year , those dollars actually would just be deferred until 1990 .
To be sure , one wonders what kind of man is this , who feels compelled to try to understand the most primitive longing and instinct in a way that requires the most sophisticated appreciation of visual storytelling .
Institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear .
Georgia-Pacific Corp. , exceeding some analysts ' expectations , said third-quarter earnings rose 56 % to $ 178 million , or $ 2.03 a share , from $ 114 million , or $ 1.19 a share , in the year-earlier period .
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 .
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees .
In fixing rates the choice of initial parities is crucial , for example , and perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate .
He probably has n't done it for the cash .
The Canadian government auctioned 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 637.5 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 15 , 1994 .
Mr. Quinlan , 30 years old , knew he carried a damaged gene , having lost an eye to the rare tumor when he was only two months old -- after his mother had suffered the same fate when she was a baby .
The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently shut one of its two shirt plants in Paterson , N.J. , and has closed boys ' departments in all but 20 stores .
It did n't provide details of setup costs .
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories .
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November .
The papers would be handed over at a bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10 .
Welcome to that welter of contradictions known as Newport Beach .
Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker , Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups .
Foiled in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states .
The Small Business Administration has received more than 5,000 formal requests for disaster loans because of the hurricane .
`` I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , '' said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky .
`` There 's no question it will make LBOs more expensive , '' he said .
Bishop is based in Hutchinson , Kansas .
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts .
Their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that qualifies for mortgage-interest deductions .
`` Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . ''
The $ 12 million lavished on the Rubens , for example , was a record price for the artist and maybe twice its value , given a dispute among scholars about its provenance .
He had been vice president in that office .
In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted .
UAL stock plummeted a further $ 24.875 to $ 198 on volume of more than 2.8 million shares in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Michael Carstens , an analyst with Tucker Anthony & R.L. Day , added that the sale of assets would allow Sea Containers to focus on its core container businesses .
`` We 've had the Russians and Chinese , and people from India visiting us , '' Mr. Iverson beams .
This policy is totally mindless , and Sir Alan is correct to point out its deficiencies .
For example , China 's hard-currency income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist arrivals since June 4 .
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides .
Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters .
Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products .
We are almost left out of { campus } social activities .
The patients began receiving EPO injections about a month before their scheduled surgery .
That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost .
Wall Street is understandably skeptical .
Japanese and European steelmakers , which have led the recent technology developments , are anxiously awaiting the lifting of trade restraints in 1992 .
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index .
If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota .
But so far , most potential participants have n't decided .
He suggested that investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea , J. Baker , McDonald 's , Philip Morris and Sara Lee .
`` We 're not going to walk in and replace a company 's corporate accounting system if it 's already running on an IBM mainframe , '' concedes Kenneth H. Olsen , Digital 's president .
There are $ 86,525,000 of 7 1\/8 % bonds priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.31 % in 2019 .
However , their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front-running alternative fuels -- in tests to be completed by next summer .
Nestle Korea Ltd. opened a coffee and non-dairy-creamer plant in Chongju , South Korea .
However , Mr. Steinhardt says he 's `` comfortable holding USAir as an investment . ''
Mercedes sold 82,348 cars in 1988 .
For Eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong U.S. foothold in Della Femina , and more than quadruples the size of its ad agency business world-wide .
The new suitor , Stevric Equity Ventures Inc. , of Mineola , N.Y. , characterized its proposal as the `` first truly independent offer which does not pit one interest group against another within the Arby 's franchisee community . ''
Mr. Evans could n't be reached yesterday for comment .
`` These systems are more rugged than many people would believe , '' said Thomas Kurlak , who tracks the computer industry for Merrill Lynch Research .
The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well .
It wo n't happen again .
Narrowing the penalty in this fashion would clearly reduce whatever deterrent effect it now has .
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said .
Gradually , however , lower courts and prosecutors have pushed this definition to its breaking point .
Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half .
Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 .
In the suit , the department seeks to recover $ 7.7 million in costs incurred when the government terminated its contract with Meredith Relocation and sought other contracts to replace it .
Agreement , disapproval , boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects ' twist of a dial .
Few analysts had much good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects , despite the fact that most do n't anticipate a shift in Mrs. Thatcher 's economic policies .
The youthful audience for Saturday programming is no longer dependent on the networks .
The house itself , located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 , was pushed about four feet off its foundation and then collapsed into its basement .
Finally , Prince Rainier and Princess Grace saved her with the offer of a house in Monaco .
Also , the high price of San Francisco real estate puts the state at odds with federal regulations more attuned to the national average .
But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded .
So the Federal Reserve is an attractive target for complaint by politicians .
Never in my life have I been so frightened .
But in affidavits filed yesterday in the Los Angeles court , Mr. Ross , Warner Bros. Chairman Robert Daly and President Semel deny that such an oral agreement was ever made .
( Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . )
`` My prediction is there will be mass litigation over errors and omissions in engineering and contracting , '' says Stanley Chesley , a well-known Cincinnati plaintiffs lawyer .
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth .
The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United 's pilot and machinist unions .
One individual said the shareholders ' accord was `` well worked out . ''
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier .
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc .
Profits of franchisees have n't been higher since the mid-1970s , he adds .
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... .
HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to HomeFed Bank .
For the quarter , Textron said aerospace revenue , including Bell helicopter and jet-engine manufacture , declined 9.8 % to $ 755.9 million from $ 838.3 million , an indication of slowing government defense work .
Last week , McCaw said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its bid to control LIN Broadcasting .
The company said recently it expects third-quarter earnings will be in range from $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share , compared with $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , a year ago .
New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Rep. James Florio pointedly returned from campaigning to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent , GOP Rep. James Courter , who has ardently supported abortion restrictions in the past but was absent .
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Turner 's Class A stock closed at $ 50.50 , down 37.5 cents .
Shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year 's second half .
Taming the union complements previous moves by the government to attract private investment in petrochemicals , which Mexico has been forced to import in large quantities in recent years .
( Pepperidge Farm says it ca n't tell exactly how many customers it has lost , but it hopes to remove the objectionable tropical oil from all its products by year end . )
Now that Vietnam appears to have pulled out its occupation army , the State Department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh .
While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP , it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs .
The problem here is not in the concept but in its lack of discrimination .
Macy acquired those three businesses in May 1988 .
However , other knowledgeable observers said they believed Mr. Crandall and the AMR board might well decide to tough it out without taking any extra steps .
But there may be another problem with the device : Despite all the political angst it would cause , it might n't be effective in cutting the deficit .
A profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of $ 9.6 million , or 44 cents a share , from the sale of a division .
Almost simultaneously , PaineWebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks .
Terms were n't disclosed .
He felt we should be giving something back . ''
GM , meanwhile , is hosting a delegation of members of the British Parliament who are touring the auto maker 's headquarter operations in Detroit .
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said .
`` The industry is overbuilt , '' he says .
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. was awarded a $ 19.1 million Army contract for armored-vehicle parts .
IBM 's visits to the debt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts .
`` On the other hand , we have economic news that is { expected to be } relatively positive for the bond market .
On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole 's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24 , 1990 , as the `` National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923 , '' suffered at the hands of the warring Ottoman Empire .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Munich-based Allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of Navigation Mixte .
That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week but did n't .
But the FHA program is hemorrhaging bad loans .
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings .
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency .
This perhaps was perceived as a `` bold '' stance , and thus suspicious .
Timothy C. Brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this lighting and specialty products concern .
A mild slowdown probably would have run its course by early 1991 , economists say , while the grueling downturn now expected could stretch into 1992 .
Insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's California earthquake .
The son believes that when the Afrikaners finally realize there is no turning back the integration of South African society and politics , Morgenzon will boom .
But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose .
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey , a country that has been one of America 's strongest allies in NATO .
The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons .
Daily trading volume in the New York foreign exchange market is $ 130 billion .
They added that the DJIA 's swift drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the U.S. currency in the direction it was already headed .
In a 1961 incident , a Soviet mail plane disappeared off the radar screen just after radioing its position to ground control in Sverdlovsk .
Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases .
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines .
The company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 4.1 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed Employee Stock Ownership Plans .
`` I think the next few quarters will be difficult , '' said Steven Milunovich of First Boston .
All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs .
The Beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal .
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory .
To mop up some of the 300 billion rubles in circulation , the government should encourage home ownership , including issuing bonds that guarantee holders the right to purchase an apartment .
One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white .
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well .
In the belief that development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority , ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates , a technical and scientific analysis company with contracts under the Strategic Defense Initiative .
In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction .
Both Jacobson traders , who had been hoping UAL trading would get back to normal , read the news about the unraveling of UAL takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning .
`` We 're being bombarded by new Treasury and agency debt offerings , '' said William Sullivan Jr. , director of money-market research at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .
Guinness , which owns several leading whiskey brands plus Gordon 's gin , the world 's No. 1 gin , is considered less likely to bid for the Whitbread spirits .
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co .
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects .
Marshall 's ghost is satisfied for now , but he 'll be back .
This is no place for pedestrians , but at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab and walk to her destination .
The impact of the destruction of this 2.5-mile stretch of highway was tragically measured in lost lives .
FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute .
And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline .
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities .
In addition , it 's toying with an approach that would impose health-expenditure ceilings or budgets on the government as a whole and on individual states as a way to slow health-care spending .
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent .
As for the women , they 're pathetic .
Some patent lawyers had hoped that such a specialty court would be filled with experts in the field .
Coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free Classic for a year , a company spokesman said .
During the Nixon administration , the Drug Enforcement Administration became dismayed at the extent of the G-2 's connections to arrested drug traffickers .
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later .
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend .
6:50 a.m .
`` There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader .
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute
What makes a person buy an oil well from some stranger knocking on the screen door ?
-- The Washington Post , Sept. 9 , 1987 .
Certificates of deposit do n't pay 23 % a year , for example , but that did n't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner .
Mr. Roberts was assistant Treasury secretary under President Reagan .
`` I do n't have to listen to what anybody tells me to do . ''
Last month , Mr. Curcio was succeeded by Ralph E. Reins as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance .
Then , there 's the S-Cargo , an offbeat delivery van with a snail-like body that inspired its name .
Times may be tough on Wall Street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more .
He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith , a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on .
Geoffrey Goodfellow , who dropped out of high school back in the 1970s to manage a computer network at a California research firm , says : `` Old network hands have started to turn off the network because they do n't have time to wade through the muck . ''
John Labatt Ltd. said it plans a private placement of 150 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 127.5 million ) in preferred shares , to be completed around Nov. 1 .
But he added that he expected to raise his estimate for fiscal 1991 at the same time .
Two hundred years ago , critics of the new United States Constitution warned that the electoral districts for Congress were too large and encompassed too many different economic interests .
Leonard Bickwit , a Washington attorney for Lincoln 's parent corporation , said in an interview , `` We deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers . ''
Estimated volume was three million ounces .
Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years .
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises .
Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did .
He thought the moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity and other financial markets .
But Pemex 's courtship with private companies , and especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty since foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938 .
CBS itself could run up losses of a few hundred million dollars on four years of various sports if its big gamble goes wrong .
Last week , a mediator failed to rekindle talks between the company and the strikers , who have rejected a pay raise offer of 10 % over three years .
Runways at San Francisco were n't damaged , but traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 arrivals and 27 departures an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an FAA spokeswoman said .
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs .
Its contract expires Dec. 1 .
But because the growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected , Mr. Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies .
Surplus power would be sold on the open market , Enron said .
Valley National closed yesterday at $ 24.25 a share , down $ 1 , in national over-the-counter trading .
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto\/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year .
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace .
The department 's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged offense , Mr. Runkel said .
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza .
Chevrolet buyers can take the rebate , or get discount financing at rates ranging from 6.9 % on 24-month loans to 10.9 % on 60-month loans .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Parsow and Elkhorn , which together hold 8.685 % of CACI 's common shares , said they think it is in the best interest of CACI stockholders that the company be sold .
The measure also moves more than $ 450 million in the Pentagon budget to home-state projects from foreign bases .
The initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand .
It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock `` basket '' product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade .
They argue that as the Kremlin follows through on announced plans to cut land forces -- the Soviets ' area of greatest strength -- the U.S. should show more willingness to cut sea forces -- Washington 's area of greatest superiority .
In national over-the-counter trading , Dell closed yesterday at $ 6 a share , down 87.5 cents .
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men .
A company spokesman said he could n't explain their sudden bullishness .
One of its `` more ambitious goals '' is to get Jaime Escalante , the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher featured in the film `` Stand and Deliver , '' to come to Harvard for a guest lecture .
In August , Recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 3.9 million loss for the third quarter ended July 31 .
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment-protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months .
Pretax profit was estimated at 23.0 billion yen , down from 25.51 billion yen , while net income was estimated at 12 billion yen , up from 11.95 billion yen .
The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations , the company said .
Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects , says Mark Dooling , president of Dooling & Co. , a Newton , Mass. , architectural firm .
Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator and ended up as a participant .
Broadcasters have a healthy appreciation of the role entertainment values play in captivating an audience .
He means the rule that a player ca n't cut it after a certain age .
That would be an ironic result of a case in which the Supreme Court expressly stopped short of overruling Roe vs. Wade .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year .
Finally , was the information material ?
August adjusted spending by wage-earning families was down 0.6 % to 309,381 yen from a year earlier .
Still , she said , Drexel 's trouble with some states is n't a bad thing .
Dealers said there was some concern that insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims , but no selling materialized .
I come to the floor tonight as one who ended up with a busload of extraneous matter .
In 1988 , 31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 10.1 % for whites and 26.8 % for Hispanics .
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats .
The most important development in Mr. Gorbachev 's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the U.S.S.R. also suffers from terrorism .
The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego and its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in San Diego .
I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries .
Six partners in the Richmond , Va. , firm of Browder , Russell , Morris & Butcher announced they are resigning .
Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report is due and on Thursday comes October chain-store sales .
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars ( US$ 17 million ) .
Kirschner Medical fell 4 to 15 .
In its bankruptcy-law petition , filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan , Eagle said its problems began in 1987 and early 1988 when its then-senior lender , Bankers Trust Co. , reduced its credit line .
Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other .
An excellent environmental actor he is .
`` Their likelihood of reversing us is very slim , '' said Lewis H. Eslinger , Sony 's attorney , who said he doubts Justin will go ahead with a trial .
He already has finagled a $ 2 billion loan from the Japanese government .
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us .
Some banks actually boosted yields on the shortest term CDs in the latest week .
Laboratory tests showed that non-toxic versions of the poisons are capable of inducing an immunity to whooping cough , the researchers reported in this week 's issue of the journal Science .
`` I would suspect that a lot of investment committees are looking into whether ( they ) want to be in stocks at all , '' he said .
But Mr. Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way .
Mr. Fabi would n't say directly whether Mr. Pattison has disclosed potential terms for his planned bid for control .
The latest period included the gain , which was $ 77 million before tax , from the previously announced sale of the institutional money management business of Lehman Management Co .
After the offering is completed , Macmillan will own about 56 % of the Berlitz common stock outstanding .
An 8.5 % drop in North American factory sales of cars and trucks cut into revenue , and rebates to dealers and customers more than offset gains from price increases on 1990 model vehicles delivered during the period , a GM spokesman said .
In the long , frightening night after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace wherever they could .
Instead of focusing on the Contras , Mr. Bush has switched to urging members of Congress -- most recently in a White House meeting yesterday -- to approve financing for the election campaign of political opponents of Nicaragua 's Sandinista government .
They and many other major Japanese corporations will issue results soon for the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 .
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owned about 7 % of the company 's voting stock , worked with management to devise a time-limited poison pill .
Some provisions would let me collect a percentage of the policy 's face value to pay for long-term care such as nursing-home stays ; others would allow payments for catastrophic illnesses and conditions such as cancer , heart attarcks , renal failure and kidney transplants .
Also , the soil in the Valley is solid , unlike the landfill of San Francisco 's downtown Marina District , which was hit with fires and vast destruction .
These are real costs .
A proposal to raise prices of beer , tobacco and luxuries was rejected 338-44 .
`` It 's a seller 's market , '' said Mr. Snedeker of the reinsurance market right now .
The appeals-court decision last year was particularly surprising because the same court had dismissed a similar case in 1970 involving singer Nancy Sinatra and a tire ad -- also a Young & Rubicam product .
But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages .
Upgrades to bigger models also will be costlier .
Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit `` has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality . ''
A worm resides in the operating system of a computer and spreads by boring into other computers contacted through networks .
And the acquisition , which made Aska one of Christies ' top five shareholders , left many people wondering who this man was and what his intentions were .
A Soviet legislative panel rejected as not radical enough a government proposal on decentralizing economic control .
It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit .
First Tennessee , assisted by IBM , said it will attempt to place the employees within the company , IBM or other companies in Memphis .
At closing time , farmers cart out most of what they carted in .
That 's well above what bonds or bank certificates have paid .
As the death toll from last week 's temblor climbed to 61 , the condition of freeway survivor Buck Helm , who spent four days trapped under rubble , improved , hospital officials said .
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . ''
Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , `` You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . ''
Critics also say American companies charge too much .
`` That 's what the naczelnik counts on .
When a Louisville woman complained that a ghost was haunting her attic , Mr. Baker discovered a rat dragging a trap across the rafters .
The transaction is part of UGI 's continuing program to shed AmeriGas 's industrial gas interests and expand the subsidiary 's propane business .
Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage .
Developers are also forming more joint ventures with pension funds and insurance companies that can finance big projects .
The Big Board has refused to be drawn into a public debate about program trading .
The yield on the benchmark bond rose slightly to 7.98 % from 7.96 % .
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says .
`` I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday .
Health Care Property Investors Inc. said it acquired three long-term care facilities and one assisted-living facility in a purchase-and-lease transaction valued at $ 15 million .
Yesterday , the United ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , but the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family and friends .
Nicaragua 's Defense Ministry said a group of Contra rebels ambushed two trucks carrying troops in northern Nicaragua , killing 18 of the soldiers .
He maintains that the information from the FBI will help him get his 1968 conviction vacated and his bail-jumping indictment dismissed .
A tractor , his only mechanized equipment , stands in front of the pigsty .
Largely as a result , Litigation Sciences has more than doubled in size in the past two years .
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking .
`` Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so , '' said Steven Braitman , a vice president at Chemical Bank in New York .
The commission , which was asked to study the deal by the Department of Trade and Industry after its announcement in February , said the diversity of global supply of chemicals used in making analgesic drugs was great enough to offset the dominant U.K. market share Rhone-Poulenc would gain through the acquisition .
She is told she ca n't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector .
Diversified Investment Group Inc. said it agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock valued at $ 13.75 a share , or about $ 24.4 million .
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth .
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has .
It is also taking over the maintenance of certain Navy aircraft with 40 % fewer people than the military used .
The four-page news summary will be aimed at readers outside Canada or in Canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication .
It will trade over the counter under the symbol CRAY .
In Los Angeles , for example , Central has had a strong market position while Unilab 's presence has been less prominent , according to Mr. Harlow .
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities .
The transaction will give Tandy a well-known European computer brand that includes 2,700 dealers and distributors marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions .
I 've revised it several times and I think I may say with pride that there is not a single discordant word in the whole text . ''
Carnival said the `` Fantasy , '' the first of the three $ 200 million ships that Carnival has on order , is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean .
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock .
The Amex Market Value Index fell 3.10 to 376.36 .
Last April , Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates .
Alternatively , it would offer to swap three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share .
Among the possible suitors is Italy 's Fiat S.p . A , analysts said last week .
Nashua Corp. , rumored a potential takeover target for six months , said that a Dutch company has sought U.S. approval to buy up to 25 % of Nashua 's shares .
( The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to `` six-footer , '' `` yardstick '' and `` inchworm . '' )
After that , the federal share diminishes .
Consumer spending in Britain rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago , the Central Statistical Office estimated Friday .
Ad Notes ... .
In asset terms , Mitsubishi Estate is the largest real estate firm in Japan .
The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana , Calif. ; Boston ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. ; New York ; Pittsburgh ; San Diego ; San Francisco ; Seattle ; and Washington .
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , BroadBeach said it sold the 101,000 McGill shares for $ 7.3 million in a private transaction on Oct. 12 .
Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country .
Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March , and it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell or liquidate insolvent thrifts .
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . ''
Finally , I think it important to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage .
Durable goods orders for September , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 1 % , compared with August 's 3.9 % increase .
Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion .
Arco Chemical Co. -- $ 100 million of 9.35 % debentures due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 98.518 to yield 9.50 % .
The ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- stressing the company 's ` Texasness , ' pointing out the competition 's lack thereof , or trying to be more Texan than Texans .
One devoted fan who fell under Baker 's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond .
Those credits result because of taxes that Farmers , as the management company , has paid , and have `` proved to be very important for the exchanges , '' a Farmers spokesman said .
The White House is making sure nobody will accuse it of taking this crisis lightly .
Quotron also provides trading and other systems , services for brokerage firms , and communications-network services .
Mr. Shioya has turned the tables .
London share prices closed modestly higher largely on technical factors , although the market was underpinned near the end of the session by Wall Street 's firmer trend .
Dow Jones futures index 129.62 , off 0.51 ; spot index 131.34 , up 0.88 .
Whittle Communications Limited Partnership , Knoxville , Tenn. , will launch its first media property targeting Hispanic women .
`` You need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says Jennie Tong , executive vice president of Lee Liu & Tong Advertising Inc. , New York .
He figures Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate ( down from about 14 % the past five years ) and will grow at an 8%-10 % rate in the future .
Stevens 's dutiful conflation of the public and private realms -- like his beloved master 's -- destroys all it was designed to preserve .
Traders said the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last Monday 's record 13 % loss .
ABB Asea Brown Boveri B.V. said it signed a contract for the largest-ever power plant order in the Netherlands .
The United Kingdom carrier had planned the issue to help finance its $ 750 million purchase of a 15 % stake in UAL .
`` As we 've seen in the '80s , '' says Roger Werner , the president of the ESPN sports channel , `` those deals can turn sour if the numbers do n't work .
Some critics say they wo n't be quickly embraced by consumers because of the high price .
In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
The dollar and bond prices also closed higher .
`` The magazine is strong .
It 's a trade secret how many were plastic , and most writers still do n't know what they 're using .
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy .
Conviction on any single impeachment article was enough to remove Judge Hastings from office .
The new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 30 % of fund owners ( there are more than 54 million accounts ) started with a money fund .
An administration official confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way .
We see an even stronger argument against UNESCO than its unsurprising failure to reform .
At the U.S. National Institutes of Health , Dr. Robert E. Silverman , chief of the diabetes program branch , said no evidence of unexpected deaths from hypoglycemia had shown up in a study of 1,500 diabetics that has been under way at NIH for five years .
But the secretary of state advised Israel that attempting to overhaul the five-point plan risked delaying the negotiations aimed at Mideast peace .
BankAmerica dropped 1 1\/4 to 29 1\/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building .
While the model was still on view , Manhattan Community Board 1 passed a resolution against South Gardens .
He adds , `` I think it was a fairly decent call . ''
With flat corporate profits on the horizon for 1990 , money managers say price-earnings multiples that look cheap today might go on being cheap for a long time .
Today , trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard .
They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration and even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering .
Eastern Airlines pilots were awarded between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay by an arbitrator , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization .
DEC said its overseas business , which now accounts for more than half of sales , improved in the quarter .
For Gorky , Mr. Helpern provided an aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff , which is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view .
Third-quarter net was $ 40 million , or $ 1.04 a share , from $ 54.4 million , or $ 1.47 a share , a year ago .
After gaining strength during a brief run-up when trading began , the Nasdaq Composite Index weakened under selling pressure .
In recent months , three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home ( no relation ) , and Magazine House -- applied for membership in Magazine Publishers of America , which represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines .
The CF6-6 series engines are n't being manufactured any more ; they are only being used in the DC-10 Series 10 planes currently in service , he said .
The turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about Japan 's bond market .
Bay Financial Corp. , Boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder .
Defining combat aircraft is even tougher .
The Bloomfield Hills , Mich.-based real-estate holding company said it will offer the rights at $ 8.75 a share to shareholders of record on Oct. 26 .
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa .
No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones .
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in .
Revenue jumped 22 % to $ 7.89 billion from $ 6.46 billion .
Diana D. Brooks , president of Sotheby 's North America division , vehemently denies it offered the Dorrance heirs a money-back guarantee , calling such reports `` inaccurate . ''
The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit and Maxwell Graphics .
They peck away at the 1 1\/2-mile section of rubble , searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here .
It finished at 467.22 , down 3.45 .
Its buglike Carol minicar is `` designed with softness , gentleness and warmheartedness . ''
Best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip cousins on the New York Stock Exchange , are languishing at depressed prices .
Writing in the Harvard International Review , he says that his committee approves covert operations only when there 's a `` consensus . ''
American Medical International : Senior notes , sinking-fund debentures , Euromarket notes , Eurobonds , Swiss franc bonds , unsecured loan stock to Ba3 from Baa2 ; convertible subordinated debentures , notes , and sinking-fund debentures to B2 from Baa3 .
To confuse matters further , when UAL Corp. stock finally opened on the New York Stock Exchange at 11:08 a.m. , the price was listed at $ 324.75 a share , up about $ 45 from Friday ; in fact , its true price was $ 224.75 , down $ 55 .
Mr. Allday 's appointment is subject to confirmation by the Senate .
Terms were n't disclosed , but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock .
`` The events strengthen London 's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks , '' Mr. Gilchrist says .
The best of the crop was last week 's season premiere of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' the NBC series based on a 1967 feature film about a black Philadelphia police detective in a small Southern town .
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt .
Included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year renewals .
Now at least there are question marks about that , and without any question the pace of growth has slowed .
According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses .
`` Never Too Young '' is a different sort of work , focusing on the 1986 death from cocaine ingestion of Bias , a University of Maryland basketball star ticketed for sure pro stardom .
The reluctance of some states to let Drexel off the hook could hamper the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six felonies last month , say several people familiar with the discussions .
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which declined 5.16 on Monday , was up 16.05 , or 0.60 % , at 2692.65 on Tuesday .
For instance , First Quadrant Corp. , an asset allocator based in Morristown , N.J. , said it quickly boosted stock positions in its `` aggressive '' accounts to 75 % from 55 % to take advantage of plunging prices Friday .
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor .
When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed , the witness again said no .
Because commercial banks and the developing-country governments believe they will get a piece of any capital increase , a scaled-down IMF mission would leave both feeling shortchanged .
Akzo 's biggest move in this area was the 1987 acquisition of Stauffer Chemical Co. 's specialty chemical business for $ 625 million .
The company recently filed suit in state court in Los Angeles against American Brands , seeking at least $ 40 million in damages from the Old Greenwich , Conn.-based company .
When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers .
Kelly\/Varnell had put South Gardens ' carrying capacity at four people per room , or about 100 humans overall .
But Japanese agencies are cautious about expanding abroad because client relationships are different .
It 's a downbeat , `` thirtysomething '' world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do .
Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras .
Earlier this year , Tata Iron & Steel Co. 's offer of $ 355 million of convertible debentures was oversubscribed .
`` Their powerful members manage them . ''
Much of the money was fraudulently concealed through purchases of prime Manhattan real estate , federal prosecutors have charged .
Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform .
The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to flush out an acquirer for USAir , or for his own stake .
Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both .
Pachinko is slightly on the shady side , often linked to the lower ranks of Japan 's underworld and regularly at the top of annual lists of tax evaders .
Since the bureau 's estimates for the business sector provide the numerator for the productivity ratios calculated by the Department of Labor , underestimated growth rates artificially depress official productivity statistics .
So far as we can see only two persons are behaving with a dignity recognizing the seriousness of the issues : Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan Walters , the counterpoint of the Chancellor 's difficulties , who also resigned as personal adviser to Mrs. Thatcher .
For the nine months , Storage had net of $ 25.5 million , or 98 cents a share , including an $ 11.3 million extraordinary gain for the anticipated proceeds from liquidating an Irish unit .
The Republican danger is that abortion could become for them what it 's long been for Democrats , a divisive litmus test .
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine .
Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do ; over the next five years , it is aiming for rough parity .
Anheuser-Busch Cos. , shelf offering of $ 575 million of debt securities .
Perhaps to debunk the analysts ' talk of over-capacity , Michael today will take some of the skeptics on a tour of its new Gaylord , Minn. , plant .
Officials also insist Mr. Bush will use the trip to highlight his own initiatives for pushing democracy in the region , fighting illegal drugs and assisting the less developed countries .
Oil-tool prices are even edging up .
But that deal fell through in September after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices .
The offering , Series 1989-3 , is by a company established by First Boston for issuing Remics and other derivative mortgage securities .
And you want to make wicker baskets , too . ''
Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters , gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960 .
`` You can do that but you 're taking a risk .
But the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things rationally .
Mr. Courter 's free-market plan to bring down auto insurance rates met criticism from Gov. Kean 's own insurance commissioner .
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter .
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies .
( CenTrust shares have fallen sharply in price from a high of $ 15.125 in 1986 to close yesterday at $ 2.875 . )
Security consultant Dennis Dalton of Ventura , Calif. , thinks mergers often trigger longer lunch hours and increased absenteeism , conduct which can sap the bottom line more than thefts .
But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users .
At the low end , investors can spend $ 15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others .
In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses .
Last week , the Grand Union offering was sweetened to include warrants that allow bondholders to acquire common stock .
Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive committee .
The sums awarded to Messrs. Kelly and Newcomb represent bonuses the two men said they deserved from the first half of 1988 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract .
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way .
On Wednesday , Mobil will begin offering separation packages and voluntary retirement in its U.S. production operation .
First , if I canceled , I 'd have no more insurance , a not insignificant consideration .
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount .
A company spokesman said it was `` possible , but highly unlikely , '' that the plant might never be built .
Mr. Skase also said the restructuring plan calls for the merger of Qintex Australia with Qintex Ltd. , which owns 55 % of Qintex Australia .
At least , according to my calculations .
But we still see this as an opportunity to discuss many , many very important issues .
Most lawmakers think it will be extremely difficult for Mr. Bush 's opponents on the abortion issue to round up the votes needed to override the veto .
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note .
Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , `` Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits . ''
He acknowledges that spreads `` were too wide and volumes too light '' in the extreme conditions on Manic Monday .
-- Laurence W. Thomas .
`` But it 's like biting the hand that feeds them , because every one of these companies uses direct marketing . ''
Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately .
In Europe , the Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions as European industry restructures ahead of 1992 .
Thanks to a new air-traffic agreement and the ability of Irish travel agents to issue Aeroflot tickets , tourists here are taking advantage of Aeroflot 's reasonable prices to board flights in Shannon for holidays in Havana , Kingston and Mexico City .
In the quarter , the Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations .
It was just those kinds of ultimatums that last week succeeded in turning up the heat in the debate .
Its current ad campaign , on which Maidenform has spent more than $ 15 million since fall 1987 , does n't even show its underwear products , but rather men like Christopher Reeve , star of the `` Superman '' movies , talking about their lingerie turn-ons .
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
`` I have an old-fashioned name for people in that position : sick people who need health insurance , '' Rep. Waxman says . ``
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third .
That 's what happened yesterday .
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8485 marks , down from 1.8667 marks late Tuesday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 142.75 yen late Tuesday .
That means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received .
Separately , Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million , or 18 Canadian cents a share , reflecting inventory write-downs .
Last week , ABC unseated General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit as the No. 1 network , as rated by A.C. Nielsen Co .
Northeast Utilities ' plan proposes 5.5 % annual increases .
They are a tribute to Federal 's management which , since the company 's founding 16 years ago , has had its way with its work force -- an unusual feat in the contentious transportation industry .
By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. , GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % .
Neither suit lists specific dollar claims , largely because damage assessment has n't yet been completed .
In the Gulf of Mexico , a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $ 3,000 a day , up nearly 60 % since June .
`` What you have here is intuition made manifest . ''
The New York Mercantile Exchange , the world 's chief oil futures marketplace , is at a critical juncture .
Two men have a conversation behind one of the windows of the cafe on the corner of the boulevard .
New America High Income Fund recently said that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors .
The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus .
The company said its revenue will exceed $ 750 million this year .
The heat energy plus the energy consumed by the breakup of the water molecules added to far more energy coming out of the apparatus than electrical energy going in , they reported .
For the nine months , earnings fell 2.9 % to $ 99.1 million , or $ 3.86 a share , from $ 102.1 million , or $ 4.10 a share , a year earlier .
And it is how African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation .
Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years .
Kawasaki Steel was down 11 at 788 , Kobe Steel lost 5 to 723 , and Nippon Steel slipped 6 to 729 .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Go with high-beta stocks to get the biggest payoff from a bet on a bull market .
This is a fact -- though , in view of all the feathers that are ruffled by this fact , it is not surprising that one hears so little about it .
Next year may see a drop of one percentage point .
But analysts focused more on the drop in revenue , to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of the controversial credit-reporting services .
`` People change , teams change , '' he cautioned .
`` But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . ''
Iverson 's earnings plunged 70 % to $ 1.2 million .
But he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa .
This gives them the added benefits of international diversification -- including a foreign-exchange boost during periods , like the past week , when the dollar declines against other major currencies .
Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia , a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. , did n't say why Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise .
The Big Board this morning plans to begin trading its Exchange Stock Portfolio `` basket '' product , the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange 's seal of approval .
That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times and brought their big heat -- Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out and a runner on .
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened .
It 's time to scrap the politically infested spending machine HUD has become and channel the resources into the drug war .
The yield on the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond ended yesterday at about 7.92 % .
The market 's tone improved after Monday 's pricing of $ 813 million New York City general obligation bonds .
Rep. Hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the Fed 's open market committee and the Treasury Secretary , the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and the director of the Office of Management and Budget .
A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR , over an unrelated lawsuit between American and another Texas Air unit , caused the deal to collapse .
It never ceases to amaze me how the business world continues to trivialize the world 's environmental problems ( `` Is Science , or Private Gain , Driving Ozone Policy ? '' by George Melloan , Business World , Oct. 24 ) .
Maybe Mr. Z. was too busy taming his set to work with his naturally ungainly Alfredo .
The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London .
Sluggish demand was also evidenced by the weak 2.41-to-1 bid-to-cover ratio , which was lower than the average 2.79-to-1 ratio at the last 12 similar auctions .
But orders for non-defense capital goods , a precursor of future plant and equipment spending , were off 5.6 % after falling 10.3 % in August .
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday .
On Tuesday , for instance , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 80 points in little more than an hour .
And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight .
A slightly higher percentage of New York Stock Exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with post-crash 1988 , according to Securities Industry Association data .
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use .
For the real estate industry , a watchword for the 1990s will be buy , more than build .
He shut out the Giants on five hits in Game One , and allowed three runs on five hits in seven innings Friday after the 12-day break caused by the earthquake .
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer .
Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him `` the great improviser of the 18th century , '' and then built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for clarinet and bassoon by Mr. Douglas .
C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 .
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version .
And if I think that some people { on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's } staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it .
So far , analysts have said they are looking for $ 3.30 to $ 3.35 a share .
But Mr. Bush and his advisers miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue , failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's Supreme Court decision to restrict those rights in the Webster case .
`` I think we are going to see deposit shrinkage continue , unless we see big changes in rates , '' Mr. Ely said .
Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10 % in the nine months .
The dividend will be paid Nov. 22 to shares of record Nov. 7 .
Liza said hello to me . ''
Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts and the Justice Department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks and other minorities -- Hispanics , Asians and native Americans -- holding elective office .
He said he has not met with representatives from Acadia .
First City , which recently purchased three small Texas banking concerns , said it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the Southwest and elsewhere .
Judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts .
When the dust and dirt settle in an extra-nasty mayoral race , the man most likely to gain custody of all this is a career politician named David Dinkins .
Stocks : Volume 155,650,000 shares .
But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds .
No trading existed for the vast majority of junk bonds , securities industry officials said .
DIET COKE :
The exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets .
When he sells it , he says , the Cowboys will move to a more practical -- read affordable -- grass practice field near Texas Stadium .
Japan has found another safe outlet for its money : U.S. home mortgages .
They pay interest only for 115 months , with principal payments beginning thereafter .
On Sept. 13 , Japan began a policy of screening boat people , accepting only those deemed to be political refugees .
Many farmers used the jump in prices to sell their recently harvested crop to grain elevator companies .
Mattel Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 73 % , to $ 38 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 21.9 million , or 45 cents a share , a year ago .
Translant Inc. , Rancho Cucamonga , Calif. , got an $ 86 million Navy contract for missile-launch systems .
Consider the difficulties faced by Audi salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration , or Exxon dealers ' problems in the wake of the Valdez oil spill .
Rates for the Wall Street Journal Reports will remain unchanged .
That was his reward for working until 11 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 3,000 a month rent .
A month ago , the firm started serving dinner at about 7:30 each night ; about 50 to 60 of the 350 people in the investment banking operation have consistently been around that late .
The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants but , by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire and Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 .
Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue .
Olivetti also plans to sell the CP486 computer in the U.S. starting next year through Olivetti USA and through its ISC\/Bunker Ramo unit , which specializes in automating bank-branch networks .
Broader market averages were little changed in the latest session .
No customer is present at the morning package sort , but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction .
Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 .
The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations .
Analysts said the additional liquidity should tend to reduce the federal funds rate .
She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position .
Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated .
The quarterly results also reflected $ 21.4 million in non-recurring losses from commercial real-estate activities in California .
At the same time it has been caught in an earnings squeeze .
And they did try .
McCaw said the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board .
For the nine months Great Western posted net of $ 177.5 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a 5.9 % decline from $ 188.7 million , or $ 1.48 a share , in the year-ago period .
For the nine months , the Morris Township , N.J.-based company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 413 million , or $ 2.77 cents a share , up 15 % from $ 359 million , or $ 2.40 a share .
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever .
He estimated it could take a day for a computer security manager to expunge the virus from a computer system .
Better yet , check out the emergence of her comic persona in `` Married to the Mob , '' Jonathan Demme 's delightful Mafia comedy .
Most Wall Street firms , in pulling back , have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts .
Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman .
The government directly owns 51.4 % and Factorex , a financial services company , holds 8.42 % .
`` The short of it is that the most hard-bitten among us can not get into too sour a mood with communism collapsing , '' says Mitchell Daniels , a former Reagan White House aide who now is president of the Hudson Institute .
Yet some dealers have turned down Infiniti or Lexus franchises because they were unwilling or unable to meet the design requirements .
The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations , but also closed an unrelated plant that makes ordnance devices used in fighter planes and missiles .
It is unclear , however , if the machinists would support a majority stake , as the pilots want .
He puts the OTC market 's Nellcor , Office Club and BizMart on the list .
To leave this decision to an `` independent '' agency is not only undemocratic .
Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January
According to the Middle East Economic Survey , the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline , expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion .
`` We are not trying to encourage everyone . ''
To sweeten the pact further -- and to ease concerns of institutional investors -- BellSouth added a provision designed to give extra protection to holders if the regional Bell company ever decides to buy the rest of the new cellular company .
In a letter to the federation , Raymond Campion , Exxon 's environmental coordinator , said : `` Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness . ''
Either way , the ghostbusting business is going like gangbusters .
Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday , when the average rose 88.12 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and shunned the broad market .
For the third quarter , total operating revenue grew 2.6 % to $ 3.55 billion from $ 3.46 billion .
GE Capital is a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. of Fairfield , Conn. , which also has broadcasting and electrical-products businesses .
Mr. Maynard is n't the first entrepreneur to bump up against entrenched interests .
Texaco , thinking in terms of $ 18-to-$19 oil for 1990 , may raise spending , especially for low-risk prospects , an official says .
Men are still combing the beach with shovels and hand brushes , searching for that unusual glint .
The bankruptcy-court reorganization is being challenged before the Supreme Court by a dissident group of claimants because it places a cap on the total amount of money available to settle claims .
Tony was four years older than most of his fellow cadets , and gained admission to the academy because his brother had falsified his birth certificate .
The company said net rose to 38 cents a share in its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , from 35 cents a shares a year ago .
The IRS assessed the clinic $ 350,000 in back payroll taxes .
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 .
Not yet , anyway .
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors .
But Ramtron of Colorado Springs , Colo. , plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in December .
One photo shows a woman sporting a scar she says was made by a laser beam ( a low-caliber weapon , from the looks of the wound ) .
`` The more extensive the voir dire , the easier you make it for that kind of research to be effective , and I do n't think courts should lend themselves to that , '' Mr. Boies says .
And investors , at least for now , took a pass .
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting .
When Michael S. Perry took the podium at a recent cosmetics industry event , more than 500 executives packing the room snapped to attention .
The discrepancy may be because asking people about their fitness regime is a bit like inquiring about their love life .
Barbara Hackman Franklin , president of Franklin Associates , was elected a director of this building products maker .
In the 1920s , a young schoolteacher , John T. Scopes , volunteered to be a guinea pig in a test case sponsored by the American Civil Liberties Union to challenge a ban on the teaching of evolution imposed by the Tennessee Legislature .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , shares of the Akron , Ohio-based company fell $ 1.375 to $ 49.125 .
GM 's common closed at $ 44.375 a share , down 50 cents , Ford fell 37.5 cents to end at $ 47.50 , and Chrysler eased 37.5 cents to $ 22.25 , all in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
( But who 's counting . )
Mr. Sulzberger said the scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs .
Previously , he noted , gold producers tended to back off from a rising gold market , letting prices rise as much as possible before selling .
Philips Industries tumbled 3\/8 to 22 7\/8 ; Hilton Hotels fell 2 1\/2 to 92 and Holiday Corp. fell 2 1\/8 to 69 7\/8 .
The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices .
But although Japanese companies increased their U.S. auto output by 42 % from January to September compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the U.S. will drop only 9 % this year , Nikko Research Center estimates .
A prominent businessman in Bombay gives a similar testimonial : `` I have been taking it daily since 1961 .
Although the notes held at a price of 92 to 93 immediately after the reset , they started falling soon afterward .
But Mr. Monsky sees much bigger changes ahead .
But of course it would be highly unusual for an investment fund such as Steinhardt Partners to take over a company .
Meanwhile , some currency traders at West German banks in Frankfurt said they sold dollars on the news and had to buy them back later at higher prices .
`` Belgium was closed for two days , France closed for a couple of hours , Germany was stuck .
Stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market .
Five countries announced they would not honor what one Zimbabwean delegate wryly called the `` made in Switzerland '' solution .
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans .
`` It has never been interested in what we think .
Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars .
Investors dumped stocks of big companies whose earnings fluctuate with the economy .
Sales eased 0.2 % to $ 8.88 billion from $ 8.90 billion .
Earlier this year , Time even discussed bringing Tele-Communications in as an investor in HBO , executives at both companies said .
There 's a certain cruel logic at work here : It 's particularly appropriate -- and tragic -- that the land that produced Karl Marx should prove socialism 's failure in an experiment that uses its own people as controls .
The post of chief executive has been vacant since July when Terry Pryce , 55 , left the company .
The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building .
He intends to add to the litigation staff .
The precious canvas , cut from its frame at the time of the theft , was found in nearby Jena , hidden in the upholstery of an easy chair in the home of the girlfriend of one of the thieves .
Suppression of the book , Judge Oakes observed , would operate as a prior restraint and thus involve the First Amendment .
What miffed many USX executives and shareholders was that the acquisition , for $ 3 billion of stock , doubled the USX shares outstanding and considerably diluted them .
e - Estimated .
To avoid this problem , government should issue credit only if it intends to use every legal method to collect .
In his letter and on the basis of his losing vote Tuesday against U.S. aid for the Nicaraguan opposition , Senator Kerry makes clear he has not made that intellectual leap .
They divert law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property .
Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 .
Dr. Kitamura said about 35 projects are currently under way in Japan , and that Japanese researchers in the past year have made available three possible cures to American researchers for clinical tests .
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich . ) has also returned contributions he received from Mr. Keating a year ago .
Mr. Johnson , of the Berkeley seismographic station , said : `` Landfill can be done if it 's properly compacted .
Rescue crews , however , gave up hope that others would be found alive under the collapsed roadway .
Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2001 , priced at 99.821 to yield 9.275 % .
I never pay my bills Till the very last day ; I lose far less interest By proceeding that way .
The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders .
Commercial vegetables , led by lettuce and tomatoes , rose 19 % in October ; oranges and other fruits rose 5 % .
Success is expected to gain at least because of the recent folding of rival Venture , another magazine for growing companies .
Cotton Inc . Campaign
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data .
The Tax Court recently denied business deductions by Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill , N.J. , who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields .
Noting that equity funds are up nearly 60 % from their post-crash low on Dec. 3 , 1987 , he said that what happened last week `` may not be enough of an adjustment .
The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang `` J'ai deux amours '' they wept .
In other operations , losses at MeraBank totaled $ 85.7 million in the latest quarter , compared with a $ 2.5 million profit a year earlier .
Guy F. Atkinson added 7\/8 to 16 7\/8 , on 335,700 shares .
The fund 's purpose is to provide quick and adequate relief .
But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained .
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada .
No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air .
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .
Both insiders declined to comment .
Excluding transportation items , orders rose 1.8 % .
Freight rates are bottoming out and starting to rebound .
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago .
That committee determined to open Arizona to banking across state lines .
Contrasts predictably accumulate : First the music is loud , then it becomes soft , then ( you realize ) it becomes louder again .
But , as Judge Kozinski noted , the context shows that Mr. Masson 's `` me alone '' remark referred not to his alleged pre-eminence in his profession but to the fact that his position on a particular issue was not shared by anyone else .
The convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 7.25 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 7 1\/4 % current interest-bearing bonds until maturity .
The key to the creation of the `` organic '' state lay in the formation of `` natural '' groups that would undertake the role of decision-making .
Democrats asked in this week for discussions with President Bush have suggested ways of `` tinkering '' with the Packwood-Roth proposal , suggesting an interest in looking for a modified version they can back , one official said .
Despite Mr. Paul 's characteristic hauteur , the 50-year-old , chain-smoking dynamo is finding that getting CenTrust -- Florida 's largest thrift institution -- out of its riskiest investments is much tougher than getting into them had been .
JKD :
The French Economics Ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense and electronics group Thomson-CSF S.A. and the bank group Credit Lyonnais .
Black activist Walter Sisulu said the African National Congress would n't reject violence as a way to pressure the South African government into concessions that might lead to negotiations over apartheid .
General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity .
`` I am beside myself , '' I 've said in moments of heat , Without ever bothering To marvel at the feat .
The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs .
The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense .
Big indexer Bankers Trust Co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund 's returns .
Mrs. Thatcher `` does n't like taking orders from foreigners , '' says Tim Congdon , economist with Gerrard & National Holding PLC .
Traders credited Euro Disney 's share performance to the tremendous hyping of the project that the shares are destined to help finance : Walt Disney Co. 's 4,800-acre theme park 20 miles east of Paris .
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago .
`` Deep Peace '' also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds , beaches , deserts , sunsets , etc .
Scenario 2 extends the recent compromises between the House and the Senate ; it splits the difference between Scenarios 1 and 3 , by increasing the budget at 2 % per year .
Jack Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar .
Several airlines , including Lufthansa , JAL and Cathay Pacific Airways , are working on a so-called global cargo system and are trying to attract other carriers to join , Mr. Daly said .
China said the question of Taiwan 's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered only after China 's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored .
The buyer was n't identified .
Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser .
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts .
Analysts were n't willing to speculate on how much money Carnival might lose through deposits .
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . ''
Braumeisters Ltd. tests a beer brewed with oat bran , rather than rice or corn .
Hungary declared itself a democracy and for the first time openly commemorated the anniversary of the 1956 anti-Stalinist uprising that was crushed by the Soviet Union .
Hopes for quick enactment of pending deficit-reduction legislation faded as efforts to streamline the House version in advance of a House-Senate conference broke down .
When she is n't performing for an audience , she prepares for a song by removing the wad of gum from her mouth , and indicates that she 's finished by sticking the gum back in .
But both the traders and the pilots remain interested in some transaction .
It is n't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series .
Apparently a lot , according to the British firm of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells .
A country is considered financially healthy if its reserves cover three months of its imports .
He noted that higher gasoline prices will help buoy the October totals .
Sales for the year rose nearly 30 % to $ 5.28 billion from $ 4.07 billion a year earlier .
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party .
Jackets may be sold next .
The contract was to run from 1992 to 2020 .
It 's also unclear precisely how the state will rebuild its reserve , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of California 's department of finance , although she noted that a bond offering for that purpose is n't anticipated .
Overall , the portfolio narrowed its quarterly loss to $ 70 million from $ 80 million a year earlier .
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday , the Foreign Ministry announced .
BSB BANCORP Inc. , Binghamton , N.Y. , said it increased its regular quarterly dividend 50 % , to 15 cents a share from 10 cents .
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose .
Consumer prices climbed a moderate 0.2 % in September , mostly due to higher clothing costs .
Also , it is n't exposed to the weakening newsprint business , and is strong in the less-cyclical tissue business .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Softer-than-expected orders in early September also played a role , he said in an interview .
At issue is an accord dating back to March in which Air France gained access to five domestic French routes under Air Inter 's flight numbers and the domestic airline got to fly to five cities outside of France under the flag of Air France .
The danger that Ms. Bogart seems to be courting here is one of obfuscation rather than rejuvenation , a vision so at odds with the playwright 's that the two points of view nullify , rather than illuminate , each other .
But , he adds , `` I was not acting as a messenger . ''
For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years .
`` The fact of the matter is , I am a marketer .
Lamson & Sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be `` near break-even , '' fell 1\/2 to 9 1\/4 .
By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % .
Week by week on `` Mancuso FBI '' ( NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET ) , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI .
The latest 10-year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday .
( Sindona in 1979 faked his `` kidnapping '' for 2 1\/2 months to delay his trial . )
Like the bacteria used by genetic engineers , the yeast can take in human genes and churn out human proteins for medical use .
If the weather allowed farmers to work in their fields over the weekend , many Midwest grain elevators will probably sell futures contracts today at the Chicago Board of Trade in order to hedge their weekend purchases from farmers .
Hecla Mining rose 5\/8 to 14 ; Battle Mountain Gold climbed 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 ; Homestake Mining rose 1 1\/8 to 16 7\/8 ; Lac Minerals added 5\/8 to 11 ; Placer Dome went up 7\/8 to 16 3\/4 , and ASA Ltd. jumped 3 5\/8 to 49 5\/8 .
Profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher , and now we have an extremely high-interest burden relative to cash flow .
Such an offer could torpedo a plan by Lion Nathan Ltd. of New Zealand to acquire half the brewing interests .
Some shows just do n't impress , he says , and this is one of them .
Textron Inc. , hampered by a slowdown in its defense sales , reported an 8 % decline in per-share earnings on nearly flat revenue for its third quarter .
Will Ogonyok begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika ?
But Smith Barney 's Mr. Doyle , who yesterday trimmed his 1990 Anheuser earnings projection to $ 2.95 a share from $ 3.10 , called the market 's reaction `` justified . ''
Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is `` a fancy'shvartzer ' with a moustache . ''
But it would probably increase the amount of cash that debt-ridden Bond Corp. would earn from the transaction .
Mr. Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of positive press , contented affiliate stations , enthusiastic advertisers and huge audiences that might stick around to watch other CBS programs when the game is over .
In late Friday afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen , off from late Thursday 's 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen .
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 21\/32 , up 5\/32 .
Analysts estimate Colgate 's world-wide third-quarter sales rose about 8 % to $ 1.29 billion .
Judge Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility after talks to end a feud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks .
Advancing and declining issues finished about even .
Mr. Kim of J. Walter Thompson does n't think so .
Altogether , employment is expected to decline to less than 16,000 from the current level of about 18,000 .
AT&T gave a 5 % to 10 % discount to the Memphis , Tenn. , company that oversees Holiday Inns , in response to a similar discount offered to Holiday Corp. by MCI Communications Corp .
Rohm & Haas Co. said third-quarter net income skidded 35 % to $ 32.6 million , or 49 cents a share .
The Italian-led scientific team said they had succeeded in getting bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the pertussis toxin , which could be used as a safe vaccine .
Olin Corp. said third-quarter net income rose 26 % on the strength of its chemical business .
During his cross examination of Mr. Lorin , Mr. Lang read from the transcripts of a conversation that was taped Oct. 20 , 1988 .
The ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income , though up a bit , has n't climbed steeply , and such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed .
Seasonal Stackup
Which brings up the worst and meanest ghost of all -- the ghost of the shah of Iran .
Ms. Garman could n't be reached for comment .
A bright spot is the company 's power-generation business , which is experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years .
A unified system of taxation should be introduced rapidly .
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % .
Twice in two weeks the unraveling of the on-again , off-again UAL buy-out slammed the stock market .
We know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment .
Givaudan Far East Ltd. , a Swiss concern that sells chemicals to shampoo and soap factories in China , typifies the problems .
Under Massachusetts tax laws , corporations must pay 9.5 % of estimated profits resulting from business transactions in the state if the company conducts a variety of non-sales activities , including warranties , customer complaints and relations with independent dealerships .
Is n't it reasonable to assume that the asset you own would be worth more if the government suddenly announced that if you sold it , you would be able to keep 30 % more of its gain than you previously believed ?
For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products .
The prosecutor must show that less-intrusive remedies ( such as bonds ) are not likely to preserve the assets for forfeiture in the event of a conviction .
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 .
`` It depends on what happens .
In addition , the suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the June killings have been a big setback .
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas .
And to the uninitiated , some of the firm 's approaches may seem chillingly manipulative .
The Series typically is among the highest-rated sports events on television .
Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process and a Food and Drug Administration investigation .
He blames the indictment on local political feuding , unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse 's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them .
The Federal Election Commission clears corporate plans to donate to an employee 's chosen charity in exchange for the worker 's gift to the company political action committee .
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said .
There are a few ramshackle fishing towns with quiet atolls of resort houses nearby .
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter .
They then had no choice in many cases but to sell the contracts at prevailing prices -- in most cases at a substantial loss .
Edouard Balladur , the finance minister at the time , was sold on the tax-cut policy but was concerned that his government would be criticized as anti-European for disturbing the linked European currency relationship .
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude .
Besides signing Mr. Aikman to a sizable contract , Mr. Jones has agreed to pay rookie quarterback Steve Walsh $ 4.1 million over the next four years .
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer .
A Frankfurt exchange official , acknowledging the brokers ' anxieties , says the market still feels it `` functioned OK during this crash . ''
And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid .
Mr. Carrion said the merger should be completed in six to nine months .
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along .
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . ''
As word of the crime spree has spread , many agents have started changing their open-door policies .
Those routes , valued by the creditors ' professionals at about $ 400 million , were to be sold to AMR Corp. 's American Airlines .
Even the biggest auto shows in the U.S. are largely regional affairs , but the Tokyo show is international .
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War .
A shareholders ' accord would provide the first restitution to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by Boesky & Co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the U.S. .
Although they never said so publicly , they have made no secret of their preference for the F-18 on operational grounds .
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non-Communist government 's economic changes .
Dravo rose 5\/8 to 16 1\/8 .
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee .
The disorders , which 20 years ago struck middle-age and older people , `` now strike people at the height of productivity , '' says Robert M.A. Hirschfeld , of the National Institute of Mental Health , who spoke at the presentation of the study 's findings .
But as Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing , the already-tense relationship could get worse .
After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own .
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs .
`` I assumed I was buying a CD as a CD , '' he says .
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 .
Mr. Gotlieb , who serves as a consultant to Stikeman , Elliott , one of Canada 's biggest law firms , is advising Pepper Hamilton 's Washington office on legal matters related to Canadian-U.S. investment , corporate finance and international transactions .
The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action against employees who provided information during the federal inquiry .
Excluding an increase in the tax rate and the effects of foreign currency translations , Mr. Millis said the company 's results `` were still a little disappointing . ''
In the 1970s , Mr. Brody helped develop the first display panels based on active-matrix liquid crystals at Westinghouse Electric Corp. 's research labs in Pittsburgh .
Philip Glass is the emperor , and his music the new clothes , of the avant-garde .
The bank made a $ 4.5 million provision in the 1988 quarter .
The Editor
T.T. Ram Mohan contributed to this article .
So one popular ploy is to make a prospective investor feel like an insider , joining an exclusive group that is about to make a killing .
It is the seed 's colorlessness and size -- 1,000 of them weigh only 1.5 grams , or about as much as two paper clips -- that explain the historical allusions to fleas .
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . ''
Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives .
However , home builders would have to bear the full costs of such beach-house construction .
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency was trading at about 142.95 yen at midmorning , up from 142.80 yen at the opening and up from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.15 yen .
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
In a statement , Equitec Chairman Richard L. Saalfeld said the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 12 limited partnerships included in the proposed rollup .
For Cathay Pacific Airways , the smooth ride may be ending .
The company typically sells the centers it develops , but has usually sold only one or several at a time .
The debentures , callable at par in five years , were priced at a yield spread of about 86 basis points above the Treasury 10-year note .
But the problem clearly is widespread and persistent .
In addition , competition has glutted the market with both skins and coats , driving prices down .
At Continental he cut money-losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter .
If the judge is impeached , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately .
Later , Mr. Dinkins became more deeply indebted to Mr. Sutton and other city pols , including then-City Council President Paul O'Dwyer , when they helped him get appointed city clerk , a largely ceremonial post responsible for the city 's marriage bureau , among other things .
`` The price of poker has gone up , '' crows Charles M. Neinas , the College Football Association 's executive director .
`` Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , '' the legislation reads , and the new obligations `` shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings .
`` We 've had a few bombs , '' admits Mr. Peters .
The only time the violin has it is right at the end .
Ironically , `` up until the quake , we desperately tried to fill jobs , '' especially for crane and bulldozer operators .
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage-discrimination against female employees .
But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers .
Hanson is a London producer of consumer and other goods .
In a blow to France 's Rafale jet fighter , the French navy for the first time publicly stated its desire to buy 15 McDonnell Douglas Corp. F-18 Hornets to defend its aircraft carriers .
However , when powerful forces start shaking the market 's structure , the more `` earthquake-resistant '' it is , the better its chance for survival .
Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit from Monsanto Co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers .
But other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth .
Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 .
This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations .
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share .
Peter Drake , biotechnology analyst for Vector Securities International , Chicago , thinks market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations .
Specifically , the British carrier said it currently has no plans to participate in any new offer for UAL .
The globalists tend to think Mr. Lawson ran onto technical reefs .
`` It 's really part of the hospital of the 21st century , '' Dr. Grieco says .
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge .
Orkem S.A. , a French state-controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said .
Kidder , Peabody & Co. is trying to struggle back .
Moody 's changes affected the following issues :
Completion of the sale is expected early next year , Falcon said .
Asked whether they agreed or disagreed with the claim that men are emotionally better suited to politics than women , 70 % of the Reagan generation disagreed , compared with under 60 % of younger men and women in the earlier years .
The pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month .
In August , a conservative weekly magazine reported that a pachinko industry organization donated money to Japan Socialist Party members .
Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister met in Damascus with President Assad to develop a plan for the withdrawal of Syria 's 40,000 troops from Lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 14-year-old civil war .
Ironically , the anonymous official 's comments have earned some plaudits for Mr. Greenspan , who is mistakenly seen as the source .
Aftereffects of the 1987 stock market crash head the list of reasons .
Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition .
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past .
`` The current backlog of orders is strong throughout the corporation , '' he said .
As in the Oct. 13 massacre , yesterday morning 's drop was triggered by bad news for speculators in UAL .
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . ''
This year , the nation 's largest steelmaker reactivated its overseas sales operation .
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 .
The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities .
The American Bankers Association did n't have any comment on the plan .
These days , `` Batibot '' is produced in a converted lumberyard on a shoestring budget of $ 3,000 a one-hour segment .
DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition .
Other banks were slightly more resilient , with Dresdner Bank shedding 4.8 to 320 , and Commerzbank slipping 2.5 to
The airline also named Mickey Foret as president .
International sales accounted for 47 % of total company sales for the nine months , compared with 50 % a year earlier .
But Akzo is still slimming down : It recently announced plans to eliminate about 1,700 fiber-related jobs in the Netherlands and West Germany .
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Benjamin Franklin rose 25 cents to $ 4.25 .
That 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 8.5 to 10 times UAL earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 16 a share this year .
The fish often are plentiful around the pilings of the old gas wells that dot the flat surface like the remains of sunken ships .
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year , into early next year .
December gold was up $ 3.20 an ounce at $ 373.40 ; December silver gained 5.7 cents to $ 5.1950 an ounce .
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do .
Mr. Sagan compares the importance of Steppenwolf with Orson Welles 's Mercury Theater in the '30s .
But he said that any effort by Time to characterize the Tele-Communications investment in Showtime as anti-competitive would be `` the pot calling the kettle black . ''
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow .
A survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by Interface , a policy research organization .
`` It 's a segmented market , and if you have a good , strong credit , people have an appetite for it , '' he said .
Much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work and was not generally billed by the hour .
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time .
`` Putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said .
Initial cost estimates for the plant , which was to have been built in phases , ranged from $ 1 billion to $ 1.2 billion .
Some analysts said the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the U.S. economy than earlier indicated .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Inland closed yesterday at $ 35.875 a share , down $ 1 .
So far as we can see , there is no disagreement among Mr. Baker , Mr. Quayle , the Mr. Gates we 've read , or for that matter President Bush .
It is .
Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Inco said the drop in earnings resulted mainly from lower nickel prices for the period and a temporary cut in nickel output at the company 's Manitoba operations due to high levels of arsenic in the ore .
The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ; Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. ; Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc .
The timing was perfect .
Proceeds from the note sale will be used to repay a portion of the bank borrowings used by Beatrice to redeem its $ 526.3 million principal amount of increasing rate debentures in August .
`` With the FBI around here , bragging rights are a thing of the past , '' said one trader , referring to the federal investigation of futures trading that so far has resulted in 46 indictments lodged against individuals on the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade .
`` I am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . ''
The issue is expected to receive a double-A rating from Moody 's , the underwriter said .
A heavy dose of cash is prescribed , along with a heavier-than-usual allotment to bonds -- preferably government bonds .
But on the West Coast , where profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 .
Growth stocks also are attractive in periods of market volatility , which many investors and analysts expect in the weeks ahead as everybody tries to discern where the economy is heading .
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation .
Dr. Knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a damaged copy of chromosome No. 13 from a parent who had had the disease .
Sony promptly countersued , charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business .
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion .
But he said Columbia remains `` one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , '' based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital .
A two-day meeting of representatives of Cocom , the 17-nation group that oversees exports of sensitive goods to communist countries , did n't take any substantive decisions on trimming the list of items under controls .
The company said that the number of access lines dropped slightly in the quarter , a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations .
While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy .
So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 .
Customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % .
Campeau , owner of such retailers as Bloomingdale 's , Bon Marche , and Jordan Marsh , sidestepped financial collapse last month after an emergency $ 250 million loan from Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , a Canadian developer and a major shareholder in Campeau .
In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors .
The Kremlin also has been unwilling to provide hard currency for the auction , using a lot of it instead to finance emergency imports of consumer goods .
Mr. Sheridan , who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 1.25 a share , says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 5.70 a share , from his previous estimate of $ 6.10 .
By 1986 , the number of federal regulators was down to about 103,000 .
That the membership number has even kept close to its 1976 size is the result of the `` graying '' of the church .
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car , and an announcer says , `` Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata . ''
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments .
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater confirmed that Mr. Bush was interested in the idea , but cautioned that there was n't a firm decision to try it .
The state had sought as much as $ 4.1 billion in relief , but yesterday the House approved a more general scaled-back measure calling for $ 2.85 billion in aid , the bulk of which would go to California , with an unspecified amount going to regions affected by Hurricane Hugo .
Charles McCoy in San Francisco and John R. Emshwiller in Los Angeles contributed to this article .
DPC Acquisition Partners , a hostile suitor for Dataproducts Corp. , filed a petition in federal district court in Los Angeles seeking to have its standstill agreement with the computer printer maker declared void , and it proceeded with a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the company .
The three managing general partners would receive a `` significant '' number of Marsh & McLennan shares , said Walther L. Kiep , a partner who would also join Marsh & McLennan 's board .
After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers .
`` The resignation came as a great surprise . ''
We 're talking real money .
Senate Democratic leaders said they had enough votes to defeat a proposed constitutional amendment to ban flag burning .
The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common-share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 .
These days Nissan can afford that strategy , even though profits are n't exactly robust .
But while the Composite gained 1.19 , to 462.89 , many issues did n't participate in the advance .
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it expects to report an extraordinary loss of about $ 122 million in the fourth quarter due to early retirement of debt .
Even White House budget director Richard Darman had trouble finding a silver lining in the report .
These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections .
Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March .
CBS hopes to save money by ordering fewer episodes of regular series because sports will fill up a few weeks of prime time .
More than 700 people work in the GTE building .
Instead , Congress 's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $ 28.4 million .
A poll of South Koreans showed overwhelming opposition to efforts to curb dog-meat consumption just because it offends foreigners .
The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials .
Yesterday 's rise in Nekoosa 's share price came on volume of 786,700 shares , four times the daily average .
The auction house , known for its sales of top-drawer 19th and 20th century works , is providing `` a service to clients who do n't want to sell just their fabulous oil paintings , '' says Villa Grisebach 's Vivien Reuter .
It is expected to report next summer .
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own .
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent .
In the past , says Armco 's chief economist John Corey , steelmakers made a product and set it out on the loading dock .
If you assign your income to another , you still have controlled its disposition and enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly .
Mr. Freeman said in August that he would retire by the end of this year to take `` executive responsibility '' for an embarrassing effort to discredit banker Edmond Safra .
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently , leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill .
One participant prematurely declared that America has had a free market in goods but a planned economy for environmental protection , while Poland represents the opposite .
`` The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter W. Williams , Rubbermaid president .
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads .
If the Senate plan prevails , the premium will be $ 33.90 , with the additional $ 4.90 going to pay for expanded hospital coverage under Part A of Medicare .
The buoyant Bombay rumor mill also says that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections .
And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions .
Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 26 .
`` We found the market not developing as we thought it would , '' a GE spokesman says .
Roberto Morelli , Italy analyst for County Natwest Securities in London , said that right now `` the market is n't being influenced by that kind of news , '' referring to the conditional nature of the talks mentioned by Mr. Reuter and by the uncertainty surrounding world stock exchanges this week .
Mr. Lauder also attacked what he sees as the wide imitation of Elle , a fashion magazine published by Diamandis Communications Inc. , and criticized the practice of stacking ads at the front of magazines .
The goal of most U.S. firms -- joint ventures -- remains elusive .
The availability of these drives , in turn , boosted demand for laptop computers , whose usefulness had been limited because of lack of storage .
NewsEdge is pricey : $ 7,500 a year for a limited version , $ 40,000 a year if the cost of all the news wires is included .
But he implores that the splendor be played down .
`` It should be treated like the Medellin { drug } mafia , not the Founding Fathers . ''
For many companies , the instinctive first response is to cut costs .
`` Mastergate '' is subtitled `` a play on words , '' and Mr. Gelbart plays that game as well as anyone .
However , he added that that estimate , made before extensive development drilling , currently is being reappraised .
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp .
During her second meeting with the Hammacks , Ms. Johnson reviews exactly what their policy covers .
The $ 58.9 million of 7 % certificates due 2016 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.19 % .
The men can defeat immunities that states often assert in court by showing that officials knew or should have known that design of the structure was defective and that they failed to make reasonable changes .
Burmah , which has a strong market position supplying marine lubricants and metal-working fluids in Poland , described the joint venture as `` fairly small . ''
L.J. Hooker 's planned sale of Merksamer is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court .
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc .
In the neighborhoods with the highest crime rates , small business generally relies on the public police force for protection .
Died : Rudolf von Bennigsen-Foerder , 63 , chairman of Veba AG of West Germany , in Duesseldorf , of pneumonia .
Whittle has met some resistance .
He was only the sixth federal judge ever ousted from office after an impeachment trial .
The Amex short interest volume leader again was Texas Air Corp. , rising to 3,820,634 shares from 3,363,949 .
Labor costs continued to rise more rapidly in service industries than in goods-producing industries , the report showed .
On Friday , the American Diabetes Association issued a similar statement urging the six million U.S. diabetics not to overreact to the British report .
The index is intended to measure future economic performance .
It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine-tuned .
A major reason is that they believe the Packwood-Roth plan would lose buckets of revenue over the long run .
The highest yielding taxable fund this week was Harbor Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield of 12.75 % .
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker .
`` How interesting . ''
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) :
Thursday , October 19 , 1989
`` Now , I feel maybe there 's a little bit of euphoria . ''
Documents filed by prosecutors also indicate that Mr. Lavelle and his fellow conspirators requested and obtained `` approval of the scheme '' from more-senior Sperry officials `` because the payment which { Mr . } Tomlin requested was so large . ''
Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , its 43%-owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate , filed for Chapter 11 protection .
But its stock jumped again yesterday as it disclosed surprisingly strong margins on those sales .
A balance of $ 25.8 million remained in late order-taking , according to the lead manager .
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents .
Last week CBS Inc. canceled `` The People Next Door . ''
Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 8.5 million ) from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .
The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has `` adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced . ''
Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .
Yet to pay that interest bill , analysts say SCI TV will only produce about $ 80 million to $ 90 million of cash flow a year .
`` There will be a big influx of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment , '' Ms. Mace says .
Amoco also sharply boosted natural-gas output , part of it from properties acquired from Tenneco Inc. last year .
The same Bobby Thomson , it turns out , who sells those paper-goods today .
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking .
As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 .
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity .
And why not save the costs of a thousand bureaucrats by abolishing Central Command and putting responsibility for Gulf naval operations back where it belongs , afloat with the task force commander in the Gulf ?
The dollar was mixed .
RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX and Quantum Chemical Corp .
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are concluding fewer criminal cases with trials .
For some patients , AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles , giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily .
This film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media .
And in suburban Boston , developers are bracing for cutbacks in the computer industry , a major user of office space .
Your Sept. 29 page-one story on the House-passed capital-gains plan is a good example .
A spokesman for the Comex could n't be reached to comment .
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % .
Revenue eased 0.3 % to $ 3.45 billion from $ 3.46 billion .
So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event .
The board increased to 11 seats .
Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters .
HOPES OF SIMPLIFYING the corporate minimum tax before 1990 are weakening .
China , under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek , was a founding member of GATT in 1947 .
`` I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong .
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .
Now , Maxwell founder Robert Maxwell says he has an appetite for new acquisitions in the U.S. , adding that he could spend `` a good deal more '' than $ 1 billion on another U.S. purchase .
But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white .
Other analysts say that estimate is low .
In addition , British Air officially withdrew its support for the previous $ 300-a-share bid in a terse statement that said `` the original deal is closed . ''
A statement issued by the office of the committee chairman , Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , charged that the disclosure is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure of the recent coup attempt in Panama .
Stevric 's principals , Richard and Steven Buckley , said they led the acquisition group that acquired the Nathan 's Famous Inc. restaurant chain and subsequently served as the top officers of the company .
That includes his companion of 15 years , Johanna Lawrenson , as well as his former wife , Anita .
If further research proves the seed 's benefits , this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil .
The earnings-per-share figures reflect a 25 % stock dividend in June 1989 .
HEWLETT-PACKARD Co. , Palo Alto , personal computer and electronic equipment maker , annual sales of $ 9.8 billion , NYSE , said there will be a `` minimal suspension '' of manufacturing for an undefined period .
Also excluded will be investments in companies with `` significant '' business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco .
`` This is virgin territory , unclaimed , and it 's going to be nasty , '' said one observer , who asked not to be named .
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst .
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated .
The `` seismic '' activity of a financial market bears a resemblance to the seismic activity of the earth .
The agreement is subject to the banking company 's board approval , which is expected next month .
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
For the more than 43 million Americans with disabilities , the 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act provides the missing piece .
Few would have foreseen such a furor when , a decade ago , some Marin County bicycle enthusiasts created a hybrid bike using fat tires , lightweight metallurgy and multi-gear technology .
Mr. Bince , the trust 's associate executive trustee , declares the bidding a failure .
Aerojet General Corp. , a unit of GenCorp Inc. , was awarded a $ 40.1 million Air Force contract for Minuteman missile rocket motors .
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile ?
`` I ca n't think of any reason to join Lloyd 's now , '' says Keith Whitten , a British businessman and a Lloyd 's member since 1979 .
A federal judge in Manhattan has entered a judgment requiring a Chicago organized crime figure to pay the government $ 250,000 , representing alleged profits he gained from his involvement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters .
The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting International Business Machines Corp. 's largest market .
Cautious investors should generally go with stocks that have low betas .
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week .
On Oct. 29 , 1929 -- a date historians stubbornly insist on associating with the dreaded C-word -- the DJ industrials fell 12.8 % .
One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of `` syngeries '' between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets .
Aim Prime Rate Plus Fund Inc. -- 10 million common shares , via PaineWebber Inc .
For all of 1988 , Bouygues had consolidated profit of 519 million francs , after payments to minority interests , on revenue of 50 billion francs .
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange rose to 198.1 million shares from 166.9 million Wednesday .
EMPIRE PENCIL , later called Empire-Berol , developed the plastic pencil in 1973 .
Another close ally is Ruth Messinger , a Manhattan city councilwoman , some of whose programs , such as commercial rent control , have made their way into Mr. Dinkins 's position papers .
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer .
Lloyd 's overblown bureaucracy also hampers efforts to update marketing strategies .
`` What we 've done in eight weeks shows we wo n't have enormous difficulties getting to the place we want to be , '' said Mr. Whittle .
If the railroad is valued on a private market basis -- at the same multiple of earnings as in the recent sale of CNW -- it would have a value of $ 1.65 billion .
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose .
Wilfred American Educational Corp. said a federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools for mail fraud .
George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , says that individuals have a particular edge now in `` small to medium-size niche companies with exciting earnings prospects '' -- a traditional stomping ground for small investors .
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections .
PepsiCo said its soft-drink prices were about 2 % higher in the quarter .
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days .
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives .
Like many sports buffs , Mr. Engelken has turned cynic .
Across the country , resorts are using everything from fireworks to classical-music concerts to attract new customers .
Another said that if China was a buyer , it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year , and thus would be a bullish sign .
For the year-earlier month , the Big Board reported 461,539,056 shares , indicating a 13.5 % year-to-year rise , while the Amex reported 36,015,194 shares , a 48 % leap .
Japanese banks accounted for 50 % of the NWA bank debt , according to a report by Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner .
Oil ministers now hope to solve the issue for good through an Iranian proposal that gives a larger share of output to countries with surplus capacity and reduces the shares of those that ca n't produce more anyway .
The Coke spokesman said a caffeine-free Classic should help increase volume of the original brand .
The year-ago results have been restated to comply with government regulations .
Also , CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit , the fifth-biggest program trader in September , is `` preparing a response '' to the program-trading outcry , officials of the firm said .
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives .
Mr. Paul says , yes , the ceiling in his executive suite is gold-leaf inlay .
Portfolio A : Retired couple , age 65 ; $ 400,000 portfolio .
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion .
`` I always thought of this as a thing that could always be done tomorrow , '' he said at the time .
Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company `` did well in the quarter as far as revenues and earnings are concerned , and not quite as well in terms of signing orders . ''
I would view it as a net positive .
Wednesday 's report from the purchasing agents will be watched to see if the index maintains a level below 50 % , as it has for the past couple of months .
It said , however , that net income for the two-month period ended Aug. 31 plunged to $ 150,000 from $ 851,000 in the prior year on a 33 % rise in revenue to $ 21.4 million .
The plan is talking about applicants admitted , not students who enroll .
For journalists , however , who write what they fondly view as history 's first draft , this has also been a week to give a lot of space and time to Ron and Nancy 's sales appearance in Japan on behalf of a communications giant and its controversial founder .
Taiwan officials are expected to review the Shearson application later this year .
What 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House .
Too bad theory fails in practice .
`` We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and { Oliver } North do n't work here anymore , '' says one administration official .
Meanwhile , the Treasury sold $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills yesterday .
A trader said that the more an issue gained recently , the sharper the loss sustained Wednesday .
Buoyed by the continued inflows into money funds , assets of all mutual funds swelled to a record $ 953.8 billion in September , up fractionally from $ 949.3 billion in August .
If the caller stays on the line and leaves a name and address for the sponsor , coupons and a newsletter will be mailed , and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers .
Mr. Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans .
These research protocols offer to the patient not only the very best therapy which we have established today but also the hope of something still better .
NAS is National Advanced Systems , CDC -- Control Data Corp. , Bull NH Information Systems Inc .
The controls on cooperatives appeared relatively liberal when first introduced .
`` Pickin ' one or two , '' says the guide , chuckling .
General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France .
Currently , its parent company , Hooker Corp. of Sydney , Australia , is being managed by a court-appointed liquidator .
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair .
Even so , `` We 're looking for chaos , '' said George Gray , a deputy district director at the California Department of Transportation .
International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment .
`` We 're settling down to a less active period . ''
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president .
`` The quality of earnings was n't as high as I expected , '' said Eric Philo , an analyst for Goldman , Sachs & Co .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Pittston closed at $ 18.50 a share , down 12.5 cents .
A number of agencies , including Thompson and Foote , Cone & Belding , said some employees who live outside of San Francisco , fearful that they would n't be able to get home , spent the night at the agency .
Bigger business can often better afford to minimize the cost of crime .
The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices .
No one around me was saying anything .
Domestic wholesale sales rose 11.9 % from a year earlier , while foreign sales jumped 17.3 % , Istat said .
`` From a common-sense viewpoint , it was not socially acceptable , '' a Fujitsu spokeswoman said yesterday .
While lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper .
Some members of the huge crowd shouted `` Viva peace , viva . ''
A dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in inter-company debts threatens , if unchecked , to bring the economy to a collapse .
Presidio , a Denver oil and gas concern , said it will acquire the properties and operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems and proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil and 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas .
Digital Equipment gained 1 3\/8 to 89 3\/4 despite reporting earnings for the September quarter that were on the low end of expectations .
`` When the economy loses a big portion of its work force that also happens to include its most productive members , economic growth is bound to be affected , '' says Anthong Wong , an economist with Hang Seng Bank .
Among the other high-yielding funds , Fidelity 's Spartan Fund had a seven-day compound yield of 9.33 % in the latest week .
September sales at major Japanese retail stores rose 9.4 % from a year earlier to 1.388 trillion yen ( $ 9.81 billion ) , marking the fifth-consecutive monthly increase , the Ministry of International Trade and Industry announced .
Michael , which also processes potatoes , still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales and nearly half its pretax profit .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people .
And there were Senate hearings on the questions in July 1972 .
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % .
Kelly Siegler , an assistant district attorney who was in the courtroom , disputed suggestions the action was sexist , saying she had seen Judge Hancock turn away male defendants dressed in shorts , tank tops or muscle shirts `` many times . ''
But this is not enough .
But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly .
EAST GERMANS RALLIED in three cities to demand democratic freedoms .
The implicit price deflator , a measure of inflation , was down to a 2.9 % annual rate of increase in the quarter from a 4.6 % rate of gain in the second quarter .
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London .
Brooks expects to pay Coin Wrap a total of about $ 20,000 -- a cost that insurance wo n't cover .
The troubled Minneapolis-based railroad concern said the committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it .
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists .
Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees .
The bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 .
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
The vast majority of them , however , were wiped out by a succession of environmental upheavals that were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate .
`` It was a fairly stressful weekend , but my sense is if you had n't had Richard Breeden there , it would n't have made much of a difference . ''
Microsoft added 2 1\/8 to 81 3\/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1\/2 to 23 1\/4 .
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it .
But most businesses in the Bay area , including Silicon Valley , were n't greatly affected .
But many have .
However , on balance , the charity game helps America .
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they 've taken over `` The Today Show , '' the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney 's `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' ( Fireside\/Simon & Schuster , 216 pages , $ 8.95 ) .
He says the contract will be considered a success if it starts trading 500 to 1,000 lots a day .
The name Maidenform was coined by a third business partner , Enid Bissett .
Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .
When the loan agreement was announced , it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China .
`` It 's truly entrepreneurial .
But the bankers got cold feet recently as government officials complained they had been misled about the shipyard 's actual financial condition , and hinted the credit guarantees might be withdrawn .
As previously reported , Northeast Utilities , Hartford , Conn. , Monday filed a bid it valued at $ 2.25 billion .
Following a tripling of earnings , to $ 3.9 million , on a doubling of revenue , to $ 116 million , over four years , earnings in the company 's fiscal first quarter , which ended June 30 , plunged 90 % to $ 45,000 .
Although the legislation would apply to any acquisition of a major airline , it is aimed at transactions financed by large amounts of debt .
For once information flows , public participation follows and repression becomes difficult to reimpose .
In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share .
In fact , the cooperation of those financial institutions is essential to the success of the drug battle .
Shearson , meanwhile , posted net income of $ 106 million for the first nine months of the year , down slightly from $ 110 million for the year-ago period .
On second thought , make that just mom .
However , the bank holding company 's loan-loss reserves rose to $ 177.3 million from $ 154 million a year earlier .
The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese .
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses , to profit from the earthquake .
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand .
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares .
`` We 're finally getting -- and it 's been very painful -- some understanding of what the company 's long-term horizon should begin to look like , '' Mr. Eidsmo says .
My position is one founded on both the facts and the law .
But some clients and analysts expressed concern that Mr. Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients .
One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November , before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9 .
Witnesses shout , scream , pontificate : `` ... a dream that the planet could be saved from itself and from the sadistic dumb creatures who try to tear down every decent man who raises his voice . ''
( Mr. Gargan 's views are not greeted with wild enthusiasm over at the IAFP , the major industry organization .
The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members .
U.S. officials said the plan was flexible , and was intended as a pragmatic approach for gradually removing trade-distorting subsidies .
It told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are `` less intrusive '' alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek forfeitures `` disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . ''
Continental is Texas Air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under Mr. Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 .
`` If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? ''
The increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds .
Anthony J. Iaciofano , a lawyer for Burlington , said the company believes the Beebes ' symptoms were not related to the carpeting .
Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months , in what became known as the `` creeping coup , '' to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975 .
`` I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a `` demonologist . ''
The dollar retreated .
Based on his control of about 45 % of Winnebago 's 24.7 million shares , his annual dividend income would be cut to about $ 2.2 million from $ 4.4 million .
In an efficient setup , the same PC could perform all those tasks .
Many in the Bay Area 's pastry community express disbelief that Ms. Shere kept only one copy of such valuable notes , but she has received moral support from Baker 's Dozen , a group of California pastry chefs that meets regularly to discuss issues like how to keep meringues from weeping and how bovine eating habits affect butter texture .
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales .
American Express Co. posted a 21 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for Third World loans at its banking unit .
Estimating that the state may lose $ 15 million a year , officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and `` hundreds '' of civil penalties .
Dr. Kobayashi responded that he thought the antibody could potentially kill all infected cells .
The harvest arrives in plenty after last year 's drought-ravaged effort : The government estimates corn output at 7.45 billion bushels , up 51 % from last fall .
Dr. Morgan is a highly educated white professional who attended some of the `` best '' schools .
`` This is America , '' he says .
This is because a Delaware court earlier this year said that Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners .
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property .
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label .
He adds : `` Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . ''
`` We consider it a life-saving drug , like one for AIDS , '' said Dr. John Fung , an immunologist at the University of Pittsburgh .
Although the third quarter was the best so far this year for non-residential building , weakness early in the year held the nine-month total to $ 69.6 billion , up just 1 % from a year earlier .
They eat `` sinful and sensual things '' -- and explain their clips .
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report .
Most of the allegations no longer pending were ethics charges withdrawn by state prosecutors as part of a pre-trial agreement .
She was as cool as a cucumber .
A `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said .
The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year .
And while setting a statutory limit of $ 1.6 billion on the automated space probe , the conference appropriated $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe .
The company noted that the year-ago period was particularly strong , with an increase of nearly 70 % .
He told the woman 's lawyer , Victor Blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance .
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy .
In the six trading days since the UAL labor-management buy-out group failed to get bank financing , culminating Friday with the withdrawal of its partner British Airways PLC , UAL stock has plummeted by 41 % to 168 1\/2 from 285 1\/4 .
Although the Dallas-based computer giant introduced the first portable data terminal in 1971 -- a 38-pound monster -- and the world 's first microprocessor-based portable in 1976 , the only portable machines it has introduced since the first part of the decade have been `` dumb '' terminals with limited on-board processing ability .
In the current mood of the Japanese people , journalists and even some industrialists , giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP , cleansing it of past sins .
Unilever wo n't comment ; Schering , however , denies the brand is for sale .
A survey contained in the 291-page report , `` Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , '' found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a `` right '' -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year .
No amount of weasling could have saved this game for D.T .
`` The more variables that indicate risk , the more the investor is going to drive a hard bargain . ''
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % .
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % .
Finally , the theory suggests why Republicans generally have fared better in Senate races than in campaigns for the House .
He said the company is still looking for `` a strong fourth quarter in all areas -- sales , operating income and net income . ''
APPLIED MATERIALS INC. , Santa Clara , maker of computer-chip machine systems , annual sales of $ 490 million , OTC , had slight damage to headquarters , no damage to manufacturing plants .
McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion , which would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN .
But with inflation raging , grain in the barn will still be a safer bet for the private farmer than money in the bank .
We observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . ''
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : ( Net Loss : 7 cents share ) vs. net income : 51 cents a share
Without question , something intriguing is going on in the policy chambers of the Politburo .
An AT&T representative said that the Guadalajara factory will make a full line of answering machines .
On further reflection , she admits that venturing inside the Hammacks ' house the previous day was n't `` such a great idea . ''
What 's more , the coming months likely will offer him the opportunity to obtain his own majority on the five-member commission , enabling him to avoid the dissension that frustrated his predecessor .
Now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only .
Dan J. Hartwell , 41 , executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank , succeeding Mr. Pissocra .
A. Lawton Langford President Municipal Code Corp . Tallahassee , Fla .
But the 49-year-old Mr. Pilson is hardly a man to ignore the numbers .
The Hibor contract `` solves quite a bit of the problem of interest-rate risk in the interbank market , '' says Eric Cheng , a director of James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , the Hong Kong arm of the British brokerage firm .
The Excalibur , with a castlelike hotel , jousting tournaments and other Arthurian attractions , will be able to handle up to 30,000 visitors a day when it opens in 1990 .
But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth .
Administration officials traveling with President Bush in Costa Rica interpreted Mr. Ortega 's wavering as a sign that he is n't responding to the military attacks so much as he is searching for ways to strengthen his hand prior to the elections .
Two years ago , the futures exchange was the envy of other would-be futures centers .
Called Task Broker , the program acts something like an auctioneer among a group of computers wired together .
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it `` flattery . ''
a - Ex-dividend .
Houston-based Maryland Club Foods , which had sales of about $ 200 million last year , sells coffee under the Maryland Club and Butter-Nut brands to restaurants , hotels , offices and airlines .
Chemical profits fell to $ 78 million from $ 98 million .
The Tokyo camera maker said net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen , or 16.08 a share , from 2.63 billion yen , or 7.24 yen a share .
And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies thinking of moving employees out of New York City .
They point at the numerous developing-country governments that have inflated , taxed and regulated themselves into despair under successive IMF programs .
But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 .
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS :
He said the provision `` was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number . ''
Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings , homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years .
The comic strip `` has a magical , everlasting quality about it .
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. , which was formed in January 1987 as a way of keeping the Agnellis ' controlling stake in Fiat together despite an ever-growing family tree , has been playing a more active role in the Agnelli group of late .
The letter , along with a detailed prosecution memo , sat on the desks of Justice officials for months before the case died a quiet death .
Mr. Jackson showed up at the affair to sign autographs for a fee as well .
The assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on Oct. 30 .
The early omens , we admit , scarcely suggest so wholesome an outcome .
Nekoosa closed yesterday at $ 42.75 , up $ 2.75 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Sales of Xerox copiers and other office products grew 1.6 % ; `` we expected growth of 6 % to 7 % , '' Mr. Henderson said .
Confusion over the near-term trend for rates dominated the municipal arena , as gyrations in the stock market continued to buffet bonds .
Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people . ''
As a result , Frank Gaffney , a former Reagan Pentagon aide who now heads the Center for Security Policy , charges that the administration 's `` professions of continued commitment to development and deployment of the SDI program strain credulity . ''
`` Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire .
McCaw Cellular Communications and its target , LIN Broadcasting , were active .
Bard\/EMS had 1988 sales of about $ 14 million , Birtcher said .
Cineplex , a Toronto theater chain , had a second-quarter net loss of $ 38.7 million .
That 's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week 's global market turbulence .
`` I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons .
Well , not yet .
NIH staff members believe the guidelines are essential to prevent the escalation of problems that have already begun to surface in scientific ventures .
The offering , Series 1989-85 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities .
These include Jennifer Tilly 's audition to be the Baker Boys ' girl singer .
It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System , and the informed public generally , as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability .
`` We 're just seeing the beginning of a shift , '' Mr. Smith says .
Analyst James Weil of the Soundview Financial Group believes Dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . ''
It stopped selling a standard personal computer a while ago .
He contended that the Fed wo n't ease rates further , but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Terms were n't disclosed .
This misguided policy could not prevent a British trade deficit .
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share .
One of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a thicker coat of zinc more quickly .
The last Taxpayer Compliance Measurement Program survey covered 1985 returns .
`` At this point , the minimill capacity wo n't make a great dent in the integrated market , but it does challenge them to develop new markets , '' says James McCall , vice president , materials , at Battelle , a technology and management-research giant based in Columbus , Ohio .
Dow Jones industrials 2662.91 , off 26.23 ; transportation 1236.66 , up 5.86 ; utilities 215.35 , off 0.13 .
Cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into China to 14 , and it is applying to restart long-canceled flights into Vietnam .
AC&R ADVERTISING :
`` They look the same .
But the Unice official said that producing a charter acceptable to both Britain and European industry is n't an unattainable goal .
There are times when she must show a little emotion .
Pepsi said it will spend $ 10 million advertising the promotion .
But the board said it was n't interested for now .
The characters will also be featured in a new public service effort for the United Way .
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected .
But it was broad-scale rejection by Japanese banks that helped seal the fate of the attempt to buy UAL .
Any hiring is confined to retail sales .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.70 % .
Over the past three years , thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad .
Industry analyst John H. Qualls , a vice president with Hill & Knowlton in St. Louis , forecasts that domestic auto makers will have a 93-day supply of cars at the end of the year , even if car sales improve to a 6.5 million vehicle rate for the quarter .
The company has about 31 million ordinary shares outstanding .
The plunge followed a drop of $ 56.875 Monday , amid indications the takeover may take weeks to be revived .
Aug. 6 , 1987 :
The latest 10-year Treasury was quoted at 100 22\/32 to yield 7.88 % , compared with 100 17\/32 to yield 7.9 % .
But that drop was caused entirely by a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.48 % three months ; 8.40 % six months .
Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier .
Closer to home , the negotiators were more generous .
They paid $ 15 million for a 1 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost .
The prospectus did n't include many details about the studio and theme park , although conceptual drawings , released this month , show that it may feature several `` themed '' areas similar to those found at parks built by Walt Disney Co .
Voyager 2 sent back spectacular photos of Neptune and its moon , Triton , this summer .
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James .
That sounds like a formula for ensuring that he gets dragged into the next HUD tar pit .
`` I 'll stay with BART , '' said one secretary , swallowing her fears about using the transbay tube .
GSX is a unit of Laidlaw Transportation Ltd. of Burlington , Canada .
An initial batch of Mr. Jackson 's checks was on sale at a baseball-card show held in San Francisco over Labor Day weekend .
Fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy .
Mr. Davis had paid $ 6 million for Citicorp 's backing of his last bid .
Earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy or a specific endorsement `` rider '' on a homeowner 's policy in California , because of the area 's vulnerability to earthquakes .
Highlights of the bills , as currently framed , are : -- A restriction on the amount of real estate one family can own , to 660 square meters in the nation 's six largest cities , but more in smaller cities and rural areas .
All the published studies recommend that women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy to term but undergo a surgical abortion .
Debate on the legislation , which faces a veto threat from President Bush , is to continue today .
2 ) Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment ( off the tail end of the mortgage ) for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage ( balloon ) , but `` forgiven '' on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .
But with the company 's shares standing at $ 15 yesterday , a new offering seems unlikely , company officials say .
The barometer of the biggest nonfinancial stocks settled at 448.49 , off 1.40 .
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period .
The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific and Asian routes but it remains debt-laden and poorly managed .
Amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest , and other partners include Hydro Congo , the Congolese state oil company , with a 50 % interest , and Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake .
Besides Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC , Reed International PLC and Granada Group PLC .
In Houston , we have seen how bad the housing problem can become .
The in-home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million .
Third , oil prices have n't declined although supply has been increasing .
Everything 's a Dollar operates 60 specialty-retail stores .
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others .
The Asset Privatization Trust , the agency chiefly responsible for selling government-held properties , has recorded sales of more than $ 500 million since it began functioning in December 1986 .
Airline Economics Inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion .
Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it .
`` Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . ''
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8353 marks , down from 1.8355 marks Tuesday , and at 141.52 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Tuesday .
Last week , Tele-Communications agreed to pay Viacom Inc. $ 225 million for a 50 % stake in its Showtime subsidiary , which is a distant second to Time 's Home Box Office in the delivery of pay-TV networks to cable subscribers .
`` Tivoli Motel , '' I read a sign in the usual pronunciation of the name as we whoosh through .
`` They are n't prepared to compete in an area where the Japanese want to enter . ''
Canadian manufacturers recorded a 0.8 % decline in August in their backlog of unfilled orders , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said .
Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said .
The limit could range from three years to seven years , depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan .
Meanwhile , dollar trading was relatively uninspired throughout the session , according to dealers , who noted that Thursday 's release of the preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product was something of a nonevent .
At the opposite end of the market , Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division on Nov. 8 -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale .
The manuevering illustrates an emerging Republican donnybrook , pacified since the early 1980s .
The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $ 10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon .
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents .
`` There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear . ''
`` We do n't know the effect of our antibody on the human body . ''
This modification , apparently , would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions .
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share .
Conservatives question the validity of the studies and note that the Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that such research , regardless of its accuracy , is n't relevant to a constitutional attack on a particular death sentence .
Aidan Quinn , Brian Dennehy and Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution .
At his first school in the U.S. he was thought a little strange for shutting off open water taps and admonishing his schoolmates to take only brief showers .
`` We spend a fortune on research information , '' said Steve Burzon , publisher of Meredith Corp. 's Metropolitan Home .
Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday .
Two hours later , the first word emerged on Capitol Hill that the administration had agreed to reconciliation with no such assurances from Senate Democrats .
Leading up to the speech was a drumroll of economic statistics suggesting that the British war on inflation will be more bruising than previously assumed .
Standard & Poor 's Corp. has them under review .
TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn .
The company , founded and controlled by Harbanse Doman , its chairman and president , said the purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company .
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will lay off 75 to 85 technicians here , effective Nov. 1 .
DALKON SHIELD CLAIMANTS hope to stop reorganization-plan appeal .
Just in time for Halloween , Britain 's Oxford University Press is publishing a `` Dictionary of Superstitions . ''
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.8 billion from $ 3.7 billion .
All you get is risk . ''
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers .
Mr. Glazer could n't immediately be reached to comment .
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . ''
Much of the moderation came from declining energy prices , which have since turned up a bit , analysts said .
In Bombay stock market circles , the buzzword is `` mega . ''
In 1985 , Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , in his talks with then Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme , imposed the condition that the contract have no middlemen .
This is no longer true because of Campeau 's massive debt load .
Put these together , and you get programs about rape .
Like Peter Sellars , Ms. Bogart manipulates her actors as if they were rag dolls , sprawling them on staircases , dangling them off tables , even hanging them from precipices while having them perform some gymnastic feats of derring-do .
`` First , we have better quality assurance than ever , because the people building the product have taken on more responsibility for the quality of their own work .
While not officially an executive at Continental during Mr. Corr 's tenure , Mr. Lorenzo is known for keeping close tabs on Texas Air 's operating units .
Mr. Breeden backed most of the provisions in a market-reform bill that the SEC brought to the subcommittee last year under then-chairman David Ruder .
Of Hoechst 's 40.9 billion marks in group sales in 1988 , 200 million marks came from sales of CFCs .
The buildup is `` making Japan clearly more efficient , more technologically advanced and more competitive , '' declares a Western diplomat in Tokyo .
Its tax base is shrinking , a $ 1 billion budget deficit looms , and the city faces contract negotiations with all major municipal unions next year .
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 35.28 points to 35452.72 .
The Vatican was in the red last year .
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13 , Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk , where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves .
To find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most , the Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail .
Of the 4,345 stocks that changed hands , 1,174 declined and 1,040 advanced .
But it said that its consumer banks in Oregon , California , Nevada and Washington performed well during the quarter and that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % over the year-ago period .
It included lawyers from civil rights and consumer groups , plaintiffs ' lawyers and defense attorneys , corporate counsel and law professors .
He 'll be there wherever there 's money to be made , laughs Mr. Kori , the secretary .
Her share decreases , but only slightly . ''
The ministry inquired about that deal -- which Mr. Utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was `` being strongly criticized in the U.S. Congress '' and it was `` necessary for us to grasp the situation . ''
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . ''
`` I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1\/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end . ''
That is in part because of the effect of having to average the number of shares outstanding , she said .
Even Sears , Roebuck & Co. is getting into the act , offering for the first time to have Federal Express deliver toys ordered by Dec. 20 from its Wish Book catalog .
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier .
Strange that we do n't hear similar criticisms of the East Coast activists who seek to clean up Boston Harbor or rid their beaches of medical waste .
The difference of just 1.35 points on the scale , designed by Charles Richter of CalTech in the 1930s , means the older quake was `` 10 to 20 times stronger , '' says Lane Johnson , director of the University of California Berkeley Seismographic Station .
But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market .
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 .
Bowing to criticism , Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .
`` But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better .
Western Gas System Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 common shares , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc .
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules .
Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ? ''
Mr. Gonzalez is also a stickler for ethical standards who refuses to accept honorariums and who believes in conducting official business in the open .
`` { Wall Street } is beginning to realize -- as Shakespeare said -- the trouble is not in our stars , but in ourselves . ''
Among the economic effects of the hurricane was a sharp drop in rental income .
After cooling , the coins are then rewrapped .
Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer .
The problems of the environment are so interrelated , so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years .
For the nine months , earnings totaled $ 36.6 million , or $ 1.24 a share , down 46 % from $ 68.1 million , or $ 2.19 a share , a year earlier .
`` I will sit down and talk some of the problems out , but take on the political system ? Uh-uh , '' he says with a shake of the head .
A Generali spokesman declined to comment on Nuovo Banco 's rejection of the insurer 's offer .
Strong demand for New York City 's $ 813 million general obligation bonds propped up the municipal market .
Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them .
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one-third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives .
He also noted that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets .
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session .
Few specialists said they expect the quake to have much of an effect on most California property values .
Each $ 1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares ; the ratio on the $ 3 cumulative is eight common shares for each $ 3 cumulative preferred .
Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target .
Maybe the problem is a political system that wo n't act without an `` exchange of letters , '' that insists on running foreign policy by committee , that treats a president as just another guy at the table .
Mr. Gras said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months .
But everything is relative to Mr. Terrizzi , so stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills , even if shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January .
Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance .
In this niche , makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions .
-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` Use of Proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made .
Mr. Alexander says he regards the agreement , which has n't been submitted to a judge , as something of a joke .
Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed .
`` If someone actually sat down and thought about what they were being sold , '' says Gerald Perritt , editor of the Mutual Fund Letter in Chicago , they might shy away .
Nonetheless , the $ 36 million issue they floated in 1980 opened at $ 35 and leaped to $ 89 within 20 minutes .
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug-related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far .
The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth .
The IRS says the question wo n't be settled until the regulations are issued `` shortly . ''
Since 1987 , 40 states have increased the speed limit on rural interstates .
Wall Street generally likes the industry again .
Selwyn B. Kossuth was named executive director of the commission , effective early November .
A sentencing date has n't been set .
In 1807 , the Swiss mathematician who headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey made an `` iron meter '' that he had brought from Europe the standard of measure .
Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood .
The S&P futures are merely a `` cheaper and quicker '' way to get access to all 500 stocks , he says .
For individuals , the Packwood plan would exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year .
General Electric Pension took control of the 85-title library last month after Color Systems defaulted on the loan .
While many growth stocks are small , not all small stocks have earnings-growth momentum .
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading .
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , AMI common closed at $ 23.625 , up 12.5 cents , on volume of almost 1.8 million .
`` The price can not be less than $ 7,000 . ''
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
Mr. Witman likes the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield just under 9.5 % .
Yesterday , even before the resignations were announced , the index dove 32.5 points to close at 2129.4 .
It then determines which machine is free to do the task most quickly and sends the task to that machine .
`` There are n't too many winners . ''
In 1985 , a new price index for computers adjusted for changes in performance characteristics was introduced , and that resulted in a significantly larger increase in real outlays for durable goods than the earlier estimates had showed .
That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing , which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices .
The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps , financial guarantees , foward interest rate contracts , loan contracts , loan commitments and options written on securites held .
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing .
That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way .
U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new plant and equipment and a pickup in Canadian auto demand , Canadian officials said .
Terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed .
`` Magazines are not providing us in-depth information on circulation , '' said Edgar Bronfman Jr. , president and chief operating officer of Seagram , in a panel discussion .
Yet these purchases can be misleading .
If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out , benign polyps would develop .
The animal had to be destroyed ; the bikers fled and were never found .
Market Order : This is probably the most widely used order -- and the one most open to abuse by unscrupulous floor brokers , since it imposes no price restrictions .
The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern .
These firms sold stock into the big morning decline , but seeing the velocity of the market 's drop , held back on their offsetting purchases of futures until the S&P futures hit the trading limit .
But in this case the needle has a very sharp point .
National Taxpayers Union
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts .
Revenues were $ 99.23 billion , up from $ 97.74 billion a year earlier .
One concerns Japanese investors .
Disk drives , which allow a computer to access its memory , generated 38 % more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier .
Mr. Payson , an art dealer and collector , sold Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' at a Sotheby 's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond .
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets .
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .
Foothills Pipe Lines Ltd. filed an application with Canadian regulators to build a 4.4 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 3.74 billion ) pipeline to transport natural gas from Canada 's Arctic to U.S. markets beginning in
Outplacement consultant Right Associates says the average pay of its clients fell to $ 66,743 last year from $ 70,765 in 1987 ; severance pay dropped to 25 weeks from 29 .
The only significant commercial banana farmers in the U.S. are in Hawaii .
Texas Air , which owns Continental and Eastern airlines , lost 3\/8 to 13 1\/8 on the American Stock Exchange .
`` I have no experience before with such sophisticated machinery , '' says Matsuo Toshimitsu , a 66-year-old executive vice president of Japan Air Lines , explaining his reluctance before accepting a terminal in his office this summer .
Duplicating research is both costly and time-consuming for a start-up , Ms. Emyanitoff says .
No tax increases would be necessary .
A United Steelworkers spokeman said Lynn Williams , the union 's president , was out of town .
Market watchers also noted an absence of institutional interest later in the session helped pave the way for broader declines when Wall Street opened weaker .
`` The Japanese are in the early stage right now , '' said Thomas Kenney , a onetime media adviser for First Boston Corp. who was recently appointed president of Reader 's Digest Association 's new Magazine Publishing Group .
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 135.09 points to 35242.65 .
-- Democratization .
Most other bonds , however , would probably not have fared much better .
But the genes were accompanied by a piece of DNA , called a promoter , that turns the genes on .
GM confirmed Friday that it received permission late Thursday from U.S. antitrust regulators to increase its Jaguar holdings past the $ 15 million level .
The bankers also insist that the loans depend on the consortium raising more money from new and existing backers .
He was succeeded by John Major , who Friday expressed a desire for a firm pound and supported the relatively high British interest rates that he said `` are working exactly as intended '' in reducing inflation .
Some casino owners have resisted the temptation to add rooms .
( Mr. Moon 's Paragon House eventually even published three of my co-edited books on religion and politics . )
In fact , LTV was the first steelmaker to publicly boost discounts for buyers of cold rolled sheet steel and hot-dipped galvanized sheet steel .
Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car and appliance makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are relying on a smaller pool of producers and flirting with plastic and aluminum makers .
This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank .
Others are doing `` index arbitrage '' a strategy of taking advantage of price discrepancies between stocks and futures .
U.S. Cycling Federation official Philip Milburn says mountain biking is `` growing at such a monstrous rate that a lot of companies are getting into this . ''
Many manufacturers are worried about being paid for merchandise already shipped to Campeau stores .
A network spokesman would n't comment , and ABC Sports officials declined to be interviewed .
`` There was a general feeling that we 'd seen the worst , '' said Patrick Foley , deputy chief economic adviser for Lloyds Bank in London .
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) .
These and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air conditioners to foam cushioning to commercial solvents are in prospect because of something called the Montreal Protocol , signed by 24 nations in 1987 .
The department also said it takes four months to establish a trend .
One of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by Richard A. Oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota .
Silicon Graphics , on the other hand , has targeted a specific niche since its inception in 1982 , which has been dubbed by some as `` motion-picture computing . ''
For the nine months , AT&T said net income was $ 1.99 billion , or $ 1.85 a share , up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share .
He would n't elaborate .
A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau , a New York consulting firm , underscores the difficulty for top management in satisfying employees and investors on that score .
Someone with a master 's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal , Litigation Sciences advises .
At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice .
The SPCA says it has received more than 100 requests for foster homes on behalf of dogs and cats , though some people have sought temporary homes for birds and fish .
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania .
Before the 1987 crash , the P\/E was more than 20 .
Your Sept. 21 article `` It 's So Easy to Get Burned When Buying a Small Firm '' was excellent .
At about 10:40 a.m. on the over-the-counter trading desk at a major brokerage firm , a veteran trader who buys and sells some of the most active stocks looked at a senior official and asked , `` What 's going on ?
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains .
Los Angeles-based Northrop recorded an 8.2 % decline in sales as B-2 Stealth bomber research-and-development revenue continued to ebb and high costs on some other programs cut into profit .
He expects Citicorp to take a similar step this year .
Investors interpreted the KKR move as a desire by the firm to wash its hands of SCI TV .
Hyundai Motor Co. of South Korea has its first-ever exhibit in Tokyo .
In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue , Cane lawyers review documents and perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers .
`` We continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a Morgan Stanley official said .
The law firm has filed a friend-of-the-court brief jointly with the Washington Legal Foundation , a conservative legal group .
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 1.08 points to 35586.60 .
Lorne Slotnick , vice chairman of the Southern Ontario Newspaper Guild , the union representing the workers , said Thomson made significant concessions in the final round of talks .
The editor of Pravda was dismissed and succeeded by a confidant of Soviet leader Gorbachev .
Cable & Wireless PLC of Britain won the other license .
Mr. Dell attributed the earnings slide to new product delays , such as a laptop scheduled for September that wo n't be introduced until early November .
Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues , reflecting the fact that many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks , analysts said .
NewsEdge uses an FM radio band to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire , which carries corporate press releases .
About 900,000 units will continue to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange , Enserch said .
The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov .
In 1987 , Hong Kong 's most prosperous year for a decade , 30,000 left , up 58 % from the previous year .
Under one count , Gulf Power would plead guilty to conspiring to violate the Utility Holding Company Act .
Thus falsely reassured , investors sent $ 11.4 million to the Newport Beach company , most of which was diverted to unauthorized uses , the indictment charges .
Mr. Shilling , who was Merrill Lynch 's chief economist from 1967 to 1971 , has heralded a recession for months .
`` We agree with world opinion that the status quo in South Africa is morally wrong , '' says Pieter Bruwer , the Orange Workers ' chief scribe and pamphleteer .
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings and other benefits from its greater scale .
Japanese government bonds showed little change .
Sammye Meadows Sam Rushforth Gary Bryner Heber City , Utah
Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling ( and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative ) .
His entry-price condos are labeled Society Hill .
Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas .
`` Tax reform is working , '' the study said .
Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit .
( The commercial features , among others , the voice of Martin Luther King Jr. , the slain civil rights leader . )
In late New York trading the currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen , compared with 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen Monday .
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959 , when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima , according to former U.S. intelligence officials .
At Chase Manhattan Bank in New York , for example , the yield on a small denomination six-month CD fell about a quarter of a percentage point to 8.06 % .
General Mills gained 2 1\/4 to 72 7\/8 .
Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company .
As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi .
Judge Robert ( `` Maximum Bob '' ) Potter sentenced Jim Bakker to 45 years in the big house yesterday , while a Beverly Hills judge tucked away Zsa Zsa Gabor for three days , plus 120 hours of work with homeless women .
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls .
This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness , however .
The first Barney 's shop is scheduled to open in Japan next year .
The rise followed boosts of 0.1 % in August , 0.7 % in July and 0.6 % in June .
The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak .
Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here .
Amex issues with big percentage price gains included two Eastern Air Lines preferred stocks , reacting to the news about improved recovery in flight schedules after the company filed for bankruptcy protection .
Ms. Renk says retailers nixed a promotion for pins with animal motifs .
Santa Fe aims to drill about 30 wells in this area in 1989 and double that next year .
`` It was a mixed bag , '' said Richard Bruno , who heads over-the-counter trading at PaineWebber .
At the time , Genentech had only one profitable year behind it ( a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 ) and no product of its own on the market .
But other Japanese institutions say privately that they are considering asking to join the 59-dealer selling group .
The show 's symbol is a woman riding on a snail , not your usual metaphor for speed and agility .
( Rexall Drug Co. vs. Tigue ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. vs. Hymowitz , and Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Hymowitz )
The suits relate to a $ 200 million loss , disclosed in December , that was suffered by West Virginia 's consolidated investment pool .
Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing .
When Chancellor Helmut Kohl travels to Poland Nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion West German marks ( $ 1.6 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects .
As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan .
If the law is n't changed , he says , `` we are left staring at rules that are almost impossible to implement , because there are so many complex depreciation calculations to do . ''
Even as Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. scrambled to line up bank financing for a revised version of the lapsed labor-management bid , British Airways , a 15 % partner in the buying group , indicated it wants to start from scratch .
Here are a few of their answers : -- `` They say that I am a student-athlete , but really I 'm an athlete-student .
This year Congress , with prodding from President Bush , has been busy trying to put many of these same tax preferences back into the code .
It was downhill from there , however .
`` The main feature of the new organization is that each local manager will have both the authority and accountability for profitable and technically sound operations , '' said Charles E. Spruell , president of the Mobil unit .
The solution devised by the professor was to hire six people who would mirror the actual jury demographically , sit in on the trial and report their reactions to him .
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions .
It 's difficult to see that there 's going to be enough business to go around .
At first glance , gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows .
Analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 .
Last year , the research and development division of Weyerhaeuser Co. , the large wood-products concern , invited a masseuse to its Tacoma , Wash. , offices .
The offer from IMA Acquisition Corp. , for as many as 63 million shares , is set to expire Wednesday .
`` Business has never been this tough before .
The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % , compared with 8.27 % the week before , and the 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % from 8.61 % .
Tuesday 's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer , which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen .
( Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. vs. LTV Corp .
The book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the FDA .
`` If you know you 've got stability in price , you can do things you would n't do with the volatility of the past few years . ''
`` I do n't think ( the reorganization is ) going to happen . ''
Mr. Keteyian had to do most of his own digging on University of Nebraska football , which is , to date , high and dry as far as the NCAA is concerned .
Retail advertising , which often represents half of the advertising volume at most daily newspapers , largely is n't rebounding in the second half from extended doldrums as expected .
`` The paper reflected the truth .
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27 % to $ 29.6 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 40.7 million , or $ 1 a share , a year earlier .
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .
Skeptics say that if that 's the case , temperatures should have risen fairly uniformly over the past century , reflecting the increase in carbon dioxide .
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses .
The June killings magnified the problems .
Moreover , while Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price , silver does n't have the same mystique , dealers say .
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .
The Philippine merchandise trade deficit widened to $ 1.71 billion during the first eight months of 1989 from $ 807 million a year earlier .
At the time , though , in 1979 , the U.S. was once again flirting with its longtime Latin American spy .
The company said its Union Pacific Railroad had a 3 % profit increase , despite a 14 % rise in fuel costs and a 4 % drop in car loadings .
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier .
Intertan jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 .
Under prodding from Judge Abramson , a Minpeco executive flew in from Peru last week to talk directly with executives from Manufacturers Hanover on a settlement .
`` The idea is to keep the clothes on and to keep people seated .
Floor traders said there was a huge crowd around the Big Board specialist 's post where UAL trades .
This is in response to Atsushi Kageyama 's Manager 's Journal , `` Looking for the Real Thing in Sony '' ( editorial page , Oct. 2 ) .
Although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 .
Verbatim quotation , the judge believed , was justified in order to prove points the author had asserted about Mr. Hubbard -- mendacity , bigotry , paranoia and other unlovely traits that could not be persuasively demonstrated without use of Mr. Hubbard 's own words .
One roustabout , hanging by his hands from a ladder , bounces his weight on a three-foot wrench to loosen a stuck fitting .
In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities .
Terms of the agreement were n't given .
Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment .
Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers .
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch .
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities .
He says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs ( Treasury Income Growth Receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch .
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago .
Moreover , and here Judge Oakes went to the heart of the question , `` Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources , letters , diaries , and memoranda .
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order-processing services .
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened $ 2.25 billion offer from Northeast Utilities , likely spurring a new round of bidding for the utility .
`` I do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise .
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests .
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . ''
Unlike the Maronites , Israel 's Jews will not let themselves become the weakest force in a system of private armies ; Jerusalem will become Belfast before it becomes Beirut .
First Options did n't have to put any money into the bailout .
Integrated did n't identify the party or say why the talks failed .
The IRS recently won part of its long-running battle with the Church of Scientology over exemptions when the U.S. Supreme Court held that members ' payments to the church were n't deductible because the members received services in return .
Westinghouse carefully crafted the agreement because the Justice Department earlier this year successfully challenged a proposed steam turbine joint venture with Asea Brown Boveri .
The agreements are with Security Pacific National Bank and an affiliate of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim .
Advancers on the Big Board lagged decliners 662 to 829 .
Jerell could n't immediately be reached for comment .
`` In the kind of literature I read I come across countervailing opinions quite frequently .
Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral `` Jerry '' Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line .
Lazard and other primary underwriters have reduced or eliminated their exposure by sub-underwriting the issue among U.K. institutional investors .
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer .
Ortega cited renewed attacks by the U.S.backed rebels .
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public-relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator .
Meanwhile , American Health Partners , publisher of American Health magazine , is deep in debt , and Owen Lipstein , founder and managing partner , is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader 's Digest Association Inc .
Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton .
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse .
The group said it sold 455,410 Southmark common shares from Sept. 5 to Oct. 5 for 18.75 cents to 25 cents a share .
If they ca n't secure immediate passage of a capital-gains plan , administration officials also are n't ruling out making a deal with Congress to put off a vote until a firm date in the future , even next year .
The value of the jets , including spares , is in excess of $ 250 million .
Describing this and other grisly killings , Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) recently urged fellow lawmakers to revive a broad federal death penalty .
Treasury bonds got off to a strong start , advancing modestly during overnight trading on foreign markets .
Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping .
Real good , '' says 39-year-old Pete Broberg , working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp .
( Some 64 % of items offered at the Guterman auction were sold , at an average price of $ 343,333 .
`` Nobody knows how deep the cycle is going to be , '' said Rod Young , vice president of Resource Information Systems Inc. , a Bedford , Mass. , economic-forecasting firm .
U.S. companies developing management teams are wrestling with how to handle individual suggestion systems .
It did n't say by how much .
I 'm anti-white . ''
The noncallable issue , which has a one-time put Oct. 15 , 1999 , was priced at a spread of 66 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
The name of the game is to move goods .
Markets --
Charles Redmond , a NASA spokesman , said the agency discovered the virus on Monday on the collection of computer networks collectively called Internet and expected 100 university centers to be infected by today .
Since then , Nissan also has launched new versions of the $ 13,249 240SX sporty coupe and 300ZX sports car .
For the nine months ended July 31 , Bank Building had a net loss of $ 1 million , on revenue of $ 66.5 million .
Berkshire Hathaway earlier this year bought $ 600 million of preferred stock in Gillette that is convertible into an 11 % stake , and Gillette said at the time that Mr. Buffett would be added to the board .
She has n't played any music since the earthquake hit , out of respect for those who died on Interstate 880 where the roadway collapsed .
Index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in futures -- is frequently blamed for adding to stock market volatility .
The overall London market , following Wall Street 's early nosedive , took a late beating .
`` Before the state of Wisconsin mandated that mental-health care be covered , there were only 70 mental-health clinics in the state ; now there are 400 , '' says Carolyn Miller , an NFIB lobbyist .
Under bankruptcy law , Eastern has exclusive rights for a certain period to develop its own reorganization plan .
`` The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer .
Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre-crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising .
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers .
Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ?
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.52 % .
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . ''
Individuals familiar with the case said that throughout September , defense attorneys were talking with the government in an effort to prevent a trial , but by the end of the month the talks had ended .
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place .
A number of issues still need to be resolved before Canadian regulators give any project the final go-ahead .
The 170 airlines in the International Air Transport Association last year posted group net profit of $ 2.5 billion on revenue of $ 125.1 billion .
Mr. da Silva , a 43-year-old former factory worker and labor leader , is the most radical , vowing to withhold payments on the foreign debt and saying he `` would n't go around putting the country up for sale to the highest bidder . ''
`` The ( paper ) loss here is very small '' for these sub-underwriters , observed John Nelson , a Lazard managing director .
But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling that went into the agreement .
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package .
The new stock baskets `` are going to make it easier for program trading to be done .
So owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest .
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ?
Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point and investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged .
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion .
GAF faces potential fines of $ 500,000 for each count .
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing prices of its companies up across the board .
Plans to dissolve many of the trade barriers within Europe in 1992 creates significant opportunities for the company , he said , particularly since Western Digital already manufactures there .
Aside from Nomura 's injured pride , the biggest victim so far has been the New Zealand government .
In October 1979 , just days before the Federal Reserve raised interest rates , IBM offered $ 1 billion in debt securities .
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions .
The consultants maintained Eastern would n't generate the cash it needs and would have to issue new debt to meet its targets under the plan .
The rest , he is confident , can be raised .
It took me a half-hour to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away .
Sales dipped 3.6 % to $ 3.92 billion from $ 4.07 billion .
The level of negative sentiment measured by the Big Board short interest ratio slipped to 3.36 from last month 's 3.38 .
Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property , if they can sell it at all .
To switch to another vendor 's chips , `` would definitely not be an option , '' he said .
The Senate convicted federal Judge Alcee Hastings of Miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench .
`` This is fun , '' asserted Susan Del Signore , head equity trader at Travelers Investment Management Co .
Put option March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 to yield a fixed 3.52 % .
The rise of superintendents such as Joseph Fernandez and Ted Kimbrough suggests plainly the process of disintegration in many school systems .
Bob Chandross , chief economist at Lloyds Bank in New York , also noted that the pound 's sharp decline is pegged more to uncertainty in the market than a vision of altered United Kingdom economic policies .
Without the increase in defense bookings , September orders would have plummeted 3.9 % .
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.55 yen , unchanged from Tuesday 's Tokyo close .
That 's easy for him to say : CBS 's four-year NBA pact , now at $ 176 million for four years , could double in price by the time his talks with Mr. Pilson are completed later this month .
Since last April , the investor has made seven so-called 13D filings in USAir , as he bought and sold the company 's stock .
Earlier this year , bankers and other investors were willing to provide financing because they assumed there would be major gains in both profitability and sales , Mr. Rosenthal added .
The new `` baskets '' of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade .
He projected it would be operating about 1,000 flights a day by late spring , only slightly fewer than the carrier 's old volume of 1,050 a day .
He says the Lilly executives told him they could n't take the risk with Wang .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
Rates approach 6.5 % on five-year municipals .
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo .
General paper product sales , including newsprints and other papers , accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen from 143.88 billion yen .
`` If we had the baskets , we would be leaving in caskets , '' one trader said .
South Australian Government Finance Authority ( agency ) --
McDonald 's said that systemwide sales would have been $ 115 million greater had 1988 exchange rates remained in effect .
Maria Stolzman , one of its farm experts , lays it on the line : `` The World Bank will be brought in to help us destroy the old system . ''
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel .
Debora Foster takes off her necklace , settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward .
$ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 16 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co .
But at least Burger King has signed on , and says that by year end it wo n't be using any shell eggs .
But given such strong brand disloyalty , some marketers are putting renewed emphasis on image advertising .
`` The crucial thing is that we learn our lesson well , and to make sure other experimental drugs , like Bristol-Myers Co. 's DDI , do n't follow the same frustrating course as AZT . ''
Nor is Tokyu the only Japanese retailer interested in Bloomingdale 's , which bankers in Tokyo estimate could cost between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion .
In a few instances , Aetna knew it would probably be shelling out big bucks , even before a client called or faxed in a claim .
It was the start of a boom in unfriendly , even ungentlemanly , mergers .
NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership .
Zurich-based magazine Bilanz lists Mr. Rey as having a fortune of about 1.5 billion Swiss francs .
But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets .
A case in point : `` government-plus '' bond funds .
Short interest increased 6 % in the Nasdaq over-the-counter market for the month ended Oct. 13 .
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors .
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc .
Sales jumped 12.2 % to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen .
Good luck .
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency .
Finally , he got help .
A close look at his record over the last 15 years suggests that Mr. Bush has well-stated his views -- on all sides of the issue .
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes .
The move was interpreted by some economists as a sign that the Fed does n't want the federal funds rate to move any lower than the 8 3\/4 % at which it has been hovering around during the past week .
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September .
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . '
In a memorandum describing the guidelines , Assistant Attorney General Edward Dennis Jr. said that government efforts to freeze defendants ' assets pending racketeering prosecutions `` have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press . ''
No wonder all kinds of big-time scams have flourished here , from phony tax-sheltered Bible sales to crooked car dealers to bogus penny-stock traders .
Compared with the major economies on the Continent , the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months .
The bond market got an early boost from the opening-hour sell-off in stocks .
Foreign stock markets , with which the U.S. is entwined , also have ended fixed commissions in recent years .
He reset opening arguments for today .
But much will depend on how quickly IBM can move .
At another point he intones : `` Publicity is a small price to pay for secrecy . ''
She thinks a recovery in the stock market would help copper rebound as well .
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber .
Eastern 's creditors committee , along with the company , has consistently opposed the pilots ' claim , which if paid would have to come out of money both hope to use to pay off other bankruptcy claims .
Results for the quarter included $ 19.2 million in pretax gains from property transactions , including the sale of one Embassy Suites hotel , and $ 3.5 million of nonrecurring costs associated with the acquisition of the Holiday Inn business by Bass .
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question .
Mark , an oil and gas concern , said the 15-year debentures are convertible before maturity at C$ 12.50 for each Mark common share , and can be redeemed at the company 's option , under certain conditions , after Nov. 30 , 1992 .
Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .
Food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic examples .
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude .
Dow Chemical Co. , Midland , Mich. , and Eli Lilly & Co. , Indianapolis , said they completed the formation of Dow Elanco , a joint venture combining their plant-sciences businesses as well as Dow 's industrial pest-control business .
If interest rates plunge , the insurer may be knocking on my door , asking for steeper premium payments to maintain the same amount of protection .
Meanwhile , new issuance was slow .
Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers .
West Germany 's cost-of-living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % in October from September and was up 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Federal Statistics Office in Wiesbaden said .
At 5:40 p.m. , scheduled game time having passed , some fans chanted `` Let 's Play Ball . ''
Under terms of the three-year contract , Martin Marietta said it will make and install 267 of the new machines at 156 postal offices .
National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains , though analysts note that Southland Corp. , owner of 7-Eleven stores , and Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort .
Separately , a Campeau shareholder filed suit , charging Campeau , Chairman Robert Campeau and other officers with violating securities law .
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans .
In a study , the comptroller said , `` The city 's glory days are over . ''
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall .
Perhaps it does .
The proposed merger comes as K mart 's profit is declining and sales at its core discount stores are rising more slowly than at such competitors as Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
Common sense suggests that people who play for a company that charges about half what those houses do for a ticket are not in the same market .
`` I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , '' she says , eyes wide at the recollection .
The stock closed yesterday at $ 103 a share , up just $ 1 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as the market surged .
Mr. Azoff has n't named the company yet , but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner .
In 1980 , 18 % of federal prosecutions concluded at trial ; in 1987 , only 9 % did .
`` The ramifications are enormous , '' says Rep. Don Edwards , a California Democrat who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee .
Odds and Ends
Judith Valente contributed to this article .
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' ''
It also will hand Unilab new markets .
Fortunately , the nations of southern Africa have n't totally surrendered their sovereignty .
`` But if he 's sharp and quick , he has a chance . ''
Now there are 23 .
The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 .
The wage stickiness , which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain , gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation .
The statement added , `` Someone has regrettably chosen to selectively summarize portions of highly classified correspondence between the two branches of government .
But despite the flurry of interest in those shares , dealers said , the market remains nervous about Wall Street 's volatility and high U.K. interest rates .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Polaroid closed at $ 47 , up $ 1.125 .
As the principal regulator of the thrift industry , Mr. Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years after his staff told him that the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly .
The FCC `` did n't say I could n't do it again , '' he said .
-- Ivern Ball .
In a statement , British Air Chairman Lord King said the company was `` obviously disappointed that the issue was not taken up , but it would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue . ''
Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six .
They were appalled , for instance , that he wanted to target more of the $ 3 billion Community Development Block Grant ( CDBG ) program to low-income projects and zero out the notorious `` discretionary '' funds that have allowed HUD officials to steer contracts to political cronies .
In return , HealthVest agreed that it wo n't exercise its rights and remedies against Healthcare during the 120-day period .
The government has been content with this far-reaching , subtle form of control , exercised on a case-by-case basis with no clear rules or guidelines .
Supermarkets are getting into the variety act , too .
Pressure has been building on the Big Board in the past two weeks to do something about market volatility , which many investors say is caused by program trading .
DWG Corp. jumped 1 1\/4 to 15 on 454,100 shares .
Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % .
Schlumberger Ltd. , New York , reported third-quarter net income edged up as growth in its oil-field services sector offset a decline in interest income .
Justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics .
`` Obviously , things are going to have to go on hold for many companies . ''
Part of a Series }
Paribas officials , once considered France 's toughest bankers , felt abashed at Suez 's success and its rapid growth .
Business : Railroad , natural resources and real estate
Through a separate agreement between Peter Dauchy , president , and a group of selling shareholders , the company said , Mr. Dauchy will on Oct. 30 buy 231,405 shares from the group , boosting his stake to about 717,000 shares , or 50.7 % of the total after the buy-back .
Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously ; their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions .
Having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes , I have a different perspective .
`` The thing is so fluid right now that there 's really no way to say what will happen , '' says Justice Department attorney Grover Hartt III , who represents the IRS in the case .
The company has begun offering shots of gamma globulin , which will diminish the flu-like symptoms of hepatitis A , in anyone who has contracted the disease , Mr. Mattausch said .
He also said investment by businesses is falling off .
Thus have Charles Colson and Jeb Magruder launched successful post-Watergate careers at the pulpit .
Others said IBM might increase the size of the offering to as much as $ 1 billion if investor demand is strong .
The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs charged Newmark & Lewis Inc. with failing to deliver on its promise of lowering prices .
Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts .
`` You do n't want to lose the magic '' of the company 's creative drive .
A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election .
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison .
Source : Lipper Analytical Services Inc .
Was 300 ft. out on a pier in San Rafael .
`` Along with these factors , other economic reports suggest a slowing of the economy , which could mean reduced copper usage , '' he said .
`` No one is willing to place a firm bet that the stock market wo n't take another tumultuous ride . ''
Next month , talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts , for the pro and college basketball finals .
Gulf Power 's guilty plea before U.S. District Judge Robert L. Vining yesterday marks the end of only one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co .
PAPERS :
This meant returning to the golf course , where we watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso and my ego .
What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . ''
The five partners who resigned from Shea & Gould late last week are Tom Hutton , Sam Ingram , Dean Yuzek , Daniel Carroll and Ernest Bertolotti .
Energetic and concrete action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade , but it has not been sufficiently effective , because , unfortunately , it came too late .
That cost rises in times of high market volatility .
Insurers struggled to to get a firm grasp on the volume of claims pouring into their offices .
The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % .
But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff .
Analysts say much of Kellogg 's erosion has been in such core brands as Corn Flakes , Rice Krispies and Frosted Flakes , which represent nearly one-third of its sales volume .
At certain points during the Friday the 13th drop , circuit breakers kicked in on the futures market , slowing trading at times .
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . ''
American Medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers .
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty .
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points , or 0.32 % , to 35107.56 .
Treasury securities were essentially flat to about 1\/2 point lower .
And try plying new dollars free in a market that is softening , hurt by a strong dollar and concerned about overcapacity -- the industry 's Darth Vadar .
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 .
`` Where 's the bid ? '' asked Pierre Panet-Raymond , an analyst and broker with Toronto securities dealer McDermid St. Lawrence Ltd .
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting .
They are economists and financial reporters who sympathize with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich .
`` That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications .
The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events that have befallen the company , including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash and the disappearance of a company vendor who was to be a key grand jury witness .
One brown two-year-old filly was wheezing from a cold , while another had splints on its legs , keeping both animals from the racetrack .
`` This deal is like a Roach Motel , '' he said .
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 .
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating .
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares .
It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate .
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
`` It 's a severe case of regulatory whiplash , '' complains Henry Saveth of consultant A. Foster Higgins & Co .
Which makes the chase car necessary .
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission plans to restrict dual trading on commodity exchanges , a move almost certain to infuriate exchange officials and traders .
Clean Harbors , based in Quincy , said it `` will proceed expeditiously '' to submit the data requested .
At that point , perhaps diversification would be appropriate . ''
Then , when it would have been easier to resist them , nothing was done and my brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago .
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . ''
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier .
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck .
They do deserve respect , however -- they are almost a year old , probably equal to about 106 in human years .
The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that `` quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist . ''
Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf .
This has led them in a fruitless and destructive policy circle .
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said .
And investors and traders alike say the current turmoil could take years to resolve .
Those viewers find the show confusing .
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case .
Rights attached to the company 's common shares were issued that are triggered if a hostile bidder acquires more than 20 % of the shares outstanding .
And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past .
Further , GSX will buy $ 1 million of Enviropact common stock , at $ 2.625 a share , plus an option to acquire an additional $ 1.5 million of common at the same price , the company said .
The farmer at the next truck shouts , `` Wheat !
He simply ca n't stomach the taste of Heinz , she says .
`` This is one where I cross party lines , '' she says , rejecting the anti-abortion stance of Rep. Florio 's opponent , Reagan-Republican Rep. James Courter .
While there are n't any major deals in the works currently on the scale of Sony Corp. 's recent $ 3.4 billion agreement to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , observers do n't rule out a transaction of that size .
More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables , instead of sitting behind glass cases , so that customers can `` walk up and touch them , '' Mr. Roberti says .
Year-earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy-back of convertible subordinated debentures .
In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion .
PNC Financial Corp. , the parent of Pittsburgh National Bank , reported net income climbed 9.8 % , while net for Banc One Corp. of Columbus , Ohio , grew 3.8 % .
Said the spokeswoman : `` The whole structure has changed .
He added : `` There 's probably even a magazine for left-handed golfers ... but the general interest magazine is something we all miss , and it should come back . ''
Also , Teodulo Mabellini 's `` Lux aeterna '' was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling .
Silver , now trading around $ 5 an ounce , surged to an all-time peak of $ 50 an ounce in January 1980 from around $ 9 in mid-1979 .
Elected to Congress in 1978 , the 48-year-old Mr. Courter is part of a generation of young conservatives who were once very much in the lead of the rightward shift under Mr. Reagan .
Up to now , 900 numbers have mainly been used on local TV stations and cable channels .
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago .
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals .
By 1982 , however , the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed , permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system , which it did .
As you can guess , the Blandings want to deduct home-mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan .
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
But there was one bright spot yesterday .
All rights Reserved .
But the amounts they exchange may be limited ; most Soviet hotels , for example , demand payment in hard currency from Western visitors .
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice .
Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover .
He then made most of the changes , pilots say .
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved .
Traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on Tokyo stocks from the California earthquake .
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power .
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % .
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million .
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions .
Profit Systems , Valley Stream , N.Y. , is an air freight forwarding concern .
Further , many institutions today holding troubled retailers ' debt securities will be reticent to consider additional retailing investments .
The offering , Series 106 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities .
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. posted a 15 % rise in third-quarter earnings .
It 's an inherited human disorder that 's been duplicated in mice .
Sierra Tucson Cos. , a Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers , has a planned doubling of capacity riding on an IPO scheduled for next week .
The Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , Imprimis , to Seagate Technology Inc .
Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 .
The study was initiated by Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Joseph Biden ( D. , Del . ) .
Chevron Corp. , Amoco Corp. , Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , and Eastman Kodak Co. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures .
By comparison , global asset allocation funds have turned in an average total return of about 19 % , while domestic flexible portfolios are up about 17 % .
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned .
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization .
The Floral Park , N.Y. , thrift has a strong capital-to-assets ratio , said Vice President Michael D.N. Confer .
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members .
Yet they do n't disparage their audiences by disparaging their act .
In recent weeks , moreover , Mr. Brady has joined other administration officials in trying to urge the Fed toward lower interest rates .
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank 's board .
Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white .
The second part , consisting of $ 28 million of 11 3\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1995 , was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25 % .
Tennessee Valley Authority -- A $ 4 billion , three-part offering of power bonds priced through an underwriting group led by First Boston Corp .
According to the Illinois attorney general 's suit , Watson & Hughey sent mailings indicating that recipients were guaranteed cash prizes , and could win up to an additional $ 1,000 on top of them , if they contributed as little as $ 7 .
Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up .
Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer .
Mr. McNair , 62 years old , will be succeeded by L.M. `` Bud '' Baker Jr. , 47 , the parent 's chief credit officer and head of its administration division .
By law , the council includes the president , vice president and secretaries of state and defense .
The government attributed the 0.3 % month-to-month rise in the index largely to higher energy prices .
The yield on the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond slipped to 7.93 % .
Yet in 1989 , retail participation has been more than 20 % in every month , and was 23.5 % in August , the latest month for which figures are available .
But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon .
Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain , which Campeau has put up for sale .
Although it 's unclear how much exposure the London market will face , U.K. underwriters traditionally have a large reinsurance exposure to U.S. catastrophe coverage .
Mr. Rosen , though , believes imports have reinvigorated the industry in which he has worked for most of his 57 years .
Two of the major ways that tax-writers managed to attain these ends were to scrap the preferential treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses , also known as passive losses , that made many tax shelters possible .
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 .
She said the market hit the $ 1.18 level at around 10 a.m. EDT where it encountered a large number of stop-loss orders .
Also Jonathan Silvers , who collaborated with Mr. Hoffman on two books .
Time eluded Paramount by acquiring Warner Communications Inc .
The company attributed the decline to weakness in the commercial-switch market in North America and in the European appliance-controls market .
Sharing a character with other advertisers is n't a way to do that . ''
Ms. Atkins , who underwrote # 20,000 , or about $ 32,000 , of insurance coverage on that syndicate , now faces potential losses of roughly # 70,000 , or $ 111,000 .
John C. Burton , an accounting professor at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business , said `` there 's a lot of emotion involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in England , where accounting predates the U.S. . ''
Both moves are effective today .
The company , which has 13.8 million common shares outstanding , said in mid-June that it was considering a restructuring to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns .
Some analysts said AMR Chairman Robert Crandall might seize the opportunity presented by the stock price drop to protect the nation 's largest airline with a defensive transaction , such as the sale of stock to a friendly holder or company employees .
MORGAN STANLEY , THE ONCE STODGY investment house , in 1974 helped a corporate client complete a hostile takeover .
He added , though , that `` a lot of this is intentions ... .
After all , in all five recessions since 1960 , stocks declined .
The new understanding did n't just spring to life in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light .
But , with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity , Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say .
As part of the plan , the Houston-based company 's 1,100 Stop 'N Go stores will be refocused to target black , Hispanic , upscale or core middle-class customers .
Much of its attention was spent fighting organized labor 's initiatives on issues the small-business community traditionally opposes -- from raising state minimum wage levels to mandating benefits in health plans .
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages .
Most analysts had expected a sharper decline after the steep rise in August .
At $ 250 a share , the group would have to borrow about $ 6.1 billion from banks .
The figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying Friday 's Heard on the Street column .
Calisto Tanzi , Odeon 's owner , will retain his 23.34 % stake .
Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert , is n't nearly so sanguine about the market 's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon .
`` This may not make George Bush a one-term president , '' said the Oregon liberal , addressing the Republican side of the House .
For the Alley production , scene designer Peter David Gould has arranged a stark but extremely effective set featuring a rectangular platform of white-washed boards that extends into the audience .
a - Includes a one-time gain of $ 88.7 million from a commonstock sale by U S West 's U S West New Vector Group .
`` Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught , this accord would enhance research and development in Canada , '' said James Keffer , the university 's vice president of research .
Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations .
Taken by surprise , the Socialist Party is busy changing its doctrines .
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 :
`` The biggest problem we have is that investors realize , after the fact , that they did n't understand what they were investing in . ''
That has taken some of the swagger out of natives who like to brag that Texas is the only state that was once a nation , but it has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders .
But the lovebirds have a conflict .
This defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible .
Castle Harlan and Quantum said the plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Pittsburgh .
The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress ( I ) , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence .
The result is mistrust and criticism from all around .
EXAMINE WHAT HAS CHANGED .
Young & Rubicam has pleaded innocent to the charges .
They include :
The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in Taiwan and only about half that of Japan .
The departures , said Alice Ruth , an analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco , should enable the company to focus on business issues instead of management differences .
Analytic Sciences Corp. was awarded a $ 10.1 million Air Force contract for technical support .
Ten years ago , the newspaper El Espectador , of which my brother Guillermo was editor , began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress .
There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers .
In addition , the report recommends that federal and state governments provide free treatment to all who test positive .
Pretax earnings declined 1.3 % .
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences .
And they prepare all their people to increase the speed and improve the quality of their own work .
Last season , lift-ticket sales fell for the first time in seven years .
Within 15 minutes of the quake itself , I was able to see pictures of the collapsed section of the Bay Bridge .
As Mr. Reagan 's running mate , though , Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion .
`` But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one .
Clearly , people like Mrs. Lombardi are giving marketers fits .
Personal spending grew 0.2 % in September to a $ 3.526 trillion annual rate , the Commerce Department said .
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten .
A year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million , or six cents a share .
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years .
The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police on foot or scooter patrol , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents .
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste .
The baccalaureate bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be tailor-made for college savers .
Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter , which ended yesterday .
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax-exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .
Despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants , the company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina .
The French electronics and defense group said attributable consolidated net profit for the first six months of 1989 totaled 244 million francs ( $ 38.4 million ) , compared with 130 million francs ( $ 20.5 million ) in the corresponding period of
A separate study of the extent of employee misconduct linked general job satisfaction to property loss .
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds .
But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg .
Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage .
On New York 's Commodity Exchange Friday , gold for current delivery jumped $ 5.80 , to $ 378.30 an ounce , the highest settlement since July 12 .
The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers .
Besides , to a large extent , Mr. Jones may already be getting what he wants out of the team , even though it keeps losing .
David Owen , an economist at Kleinwort Benson & Co. in London , said he expects further cuts in short-term U.S. rates in an effort to encourage a narrowing of the trade gap and to ensure a soft landing in the U.S. economy .
American Express Bank earnings fell 50 % to $ 21.3 million from $ 42.5 million despite a 29 % revenue gain .
For the sixth time in as many years , Continental Airlines has a new senior executive .
Two Mexican college dropouts , not professional art thieves , have been arrested for a 1985 Christmas Eve burglary from the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City .
A state judge postponed a decision on a move by holders of Telerate Inc. to block the tender offer of Dow Jones & Co. for the 33 % of Telerate it does n't already own .
This legislation was not drafted by a handful of Democratic `` do-gooders . ''
Following World War II , when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families , the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security , no skills in the workplace , no hope for their future except welfare .
Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained .
Mr. Zupan teaches at the University of Southern California 's business school .
AT&T said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets .
Tass news agency said the devaluation also will apply to foreigners ' transactions .
Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .
Some projections show Mexico importing crude by the end of the century , barring an overhaul of operations .
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union .
One Southern California aerospace firm , for example , two months ago asked Location Management to compare the costs of reinforcing its current building against earthquakes with the cost of building a new structure elsewhere .
He said the move will `` significantly reduce administrative and operating costs , '' but he did n't provide details of the merger .
But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun .
Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage .
It currently costs $ 750 , though Mr. Sinyard thinks the price can be reduced within three years to between $ 200 and $ 250 .
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money .
`` We 're trying to take the imagination and talent of our engineers and come up with new processes for industry , '' says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive .
`` It 's much bigger than we expected , '' said one German banker , who asked not to be named .
Anyway , ZBB 's procedures were so cumbersome that everyone involved was crushed under a burden of marginalia .
Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products .
Issuing states generally limit the guarantees to in-state institutions , however , and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children do n't attend the specified schools .
She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes `` incredible .
`` If we do not integrate into this new world of interdependence , sooner or later we 're going to become victims of our own isolation , '' he says .
NASA postponed the liftoff of the space shuttle Atlantis because of rain near the site of the launch pad in Cape Canaveral , Fla .
The posters were sold for $ 1,300 to $ 6,000 , although the government says they had a value of only $ 53 to $ 200 apiece .
1:11 a.m.
Among other conditions , the offer depends on the Dow unit acquiring at least 66 2\/3 % of the PSE shares outstanding , the companies said in a joint statement Friday .
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter .
`` The results seem to be very premature , '' said Mitsuru Miyata , editor of Nikkei Biotechnology , a leading Japanese industry newsletter .
When I asked American Airlines for its side of the story for use in my MBA class , where I teach business ethics , it did not respond .
Earlier , Japan had said it might file a reservation against the ivory ban decided by ballot at the 103-nation United Nations Conference on International Trade in Endangered Species in Switzerland last week .
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp .
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense .
Traders nervously watching their Quotron electronic-data machines yesterday morning were stunned to see the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet 99 points in seconds .
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee backed off a move to come up with its own alternative proposals to the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization plans , according to sources familiar with the committee .
Hepatitis A , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee , company and city officials said .
`` Likewise , no government will stop this idea of the Afrikaners . ''
Ben Lipps , president of Fresenius USA , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer .
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way . ''
According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd. , which tracks company earnings , Aichi 's revenue rose 15 % to 49.3 billion yen ( $ 348.4 million ) in the year ended February .
Share turnover subsided to 161.5 million .
Macmillan Inc. said it plans a public offering of 8.4 million shares of its Berlitz International Inc. unit at $ 19 to $ 21 a share .
He noted that some minimum margin requirements have been reduced to levels below those before the 1987 crash .
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market , it never happened .
The New York study 's companies averaged 27 employees ; their annual crime losses averaged about $ 15,000 , with an additional $ 8,385 annual cost in security -- enough money to hire at least one more worker .
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications .
In fact , Mr. Bush 's dance was more wiggle than waffle .
These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street .
The reason does n't relate to your selling skills . ''
Sometimes , like now , it 's gray .
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning .
`` But we were getting too many complaints that people were using them to eavesdrop on their neighbors . ''
The company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California .
The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark and up marginally against the Japanese yen .
`` Even though these favorable trends in lung-cancer mortality affect all sex and race groups , they ca n't be taken for granted , '' the report says .
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 .
The Miami-based environmental engineering concern said GSX Chemical also will assume about $ 1.6 million in debt related to those divisions .
`` It liquefies in a patchwork quilt pattern .
Mrs. Glaser , who is a co-founder of the Pediatric AIDS Foundation , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , condemned neither bureaucratic nor corporate foot-dragging .
In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at each price ) entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders .
Thermal paper is used in facsimile machines .
Harsco Corp. said it obtained a $ 33.1 million export order for armored recovery vehicles and related support equipment .
The index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in October , from 140.74 in September .
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again .
He promises that Nissan will soon establish a holding company overseeing all U.S. operations , just as it 's doing in Europe .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Mr. Thompson calls discounting `` a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle .
Mr. Junkins was n't optimistic about the short-term outlook , hinting that further workforce reductions may be needed .
In the recent past , bond buyers did n't seek such assurance .
Others had lesser damage and there were no injuries among workers .
`` It 's a good company , and growing ; there 's nothing that would warrant that it be sold . ''
Polish peasants , spurning the collectivizers , were once a source of shame to orthodox Communists .
Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development .
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco , the Japan Association of Travel Agents said .
Daffynition
The company said it has an option to increase the offering by up to 350,000 shares .
The study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.38 % 30 days ; 8.28 % 60 days ; 8.23 % 90 days ; 8.13 % 120 days ; 8.03 % 150 days ; 7.93 % 180 days .
SKF said sales increased 17 % to 18.46 billion kronor from 15.72 billion .
Long-term CDs declined just a fraction .
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . ''
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks , citing improved margins .
Last Sunday , Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants , but stopped abruptly .
In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses .
But pipeline companies estimate they still face $ 2.4 billion in liabilities from unresolved disputes , including $ 1 billion they fear they wo n't be able to pass on to customers .
For instance , Ifint earlier this year bought an 18 % stake in Alisarda , the Aga Khan 's airline , which flies between Italy and Sardinia .
But due to dramatic events on the battlefield over the past few days and weeks , those Soviet bases may soon be as endangered and as lonely as the American runway .
But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity , acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property .
`` Before the really bad news , we were looking at Wang fairly seriously , '' she says .
In practice , it ends up being equated with a `` self-expression '' that encourages the youngsters ' `` self-esteem . ''
Earlier reports , which revealed that as many as 73 companies were avoiding income tax legally , have been credited with helping galvanize efforts to overhaul the tax code .
But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end .
Mr. Parks of Call Interactive says TV executives are considering the use of 900 numbers for `` talk shows , game shows , news and opinion surveys . ''
The firms are Morgan Stanley & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , County Natwest Government Securities Inc. , Greenwich Capital Markets Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co .
That is gilding the lily .
`` We have no problem to our freight service at all expect for the fact businesses are shut down . ''
Each right entitles shareholders to buy one-half share of common for $ 30 .
But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either .
Buy order imbalances on several big stocks were posted by the New York Stock Exchange .
The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves .
`` We 're getting to the point where we are going to have to meet '' with him , one Ford official said yesterday .
CML , Acton , Mass. , had agreed to sell the unit to Reebok for about $ 42 million .
Chase and Citicorp 's Citibank are involved in the UAL buy-out financing .
`` Even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee , we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it . ''
The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group .
Third-quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago .
`` Maybe I 'll plant castor-oil seeds . ''
We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major .
Per-share earnings advanced 14 % because of the buy-back .
He predicted the debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved .
Despite his reluctance to take the latter step , the judge indicated he would move quickly after hearing testimony later this week in the bitter dispute between Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. , a minerals concern owned by the Peruvian governmemt .
Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of $ 1.7 million , or eight cents a share .
Crested Butte , population 1,200 , is a bastion of the sport .
Even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , racehorse owners still try to capitalize on the elan of the sport .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3427.39 , up
The reason is simple , Mr. Wyss says : `` Interest rates almost always decline during recession . ''
In addition to those measures , the company spent heavily earlier this year to install displays at its customers ' retail outlets -- a strategy that Mr. Stein said has helped bolster awareness of the company 's brands .
`` If you look at 75 years worth of investment history -- including the Great Depression and every bear market since -- stocks have outperformed almost everything an individual could have owned by a long shot , '' says Barry Berlin , vice president at First Wachovia Capital Management .
Prime Computer plans to dismiss 20 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out .
But there was little selling pressure , and even small orders at the lower levels sufficed to bring the market back to Friday 's opening levels .
The bankruptcy filing , the government has charged in a $ 1.1 billion civil lawsuit , was part of a pattern to shift insured deposits to the parent company , which used the deposits as a cache for real-estate deals .
In over-the-counter trading Monday , the stock closed at $ 10.625 , off 37.5 cents .
Nothing bravura , no arpeggios , no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer .
Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp .
A side porch was ripped away .
Catherine Adams , the Beebes ' lawyer , said the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits .
As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show .
The way Mr. Strieber tells it in his earnest prose , the intelligence officer who found the craft 's strange debris was forced by the government to call the flower-inscribed scraps parts of a weather balloon .
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say .
The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't .
The U.S. defines it as `` premediated , politically motivated violence perpetrated against noncombatant targets by subnational groups or clandestine state agents . ''
These are not the actions of a development agency wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions in the hands of government , as Mr. Roberts alleges .
The Food and Drug Administration said American Home Products Corp. agreed to recall certain generic drugs that were produced by its Quantum Pharmics unit in Amityville , N.Y .
The changes were proposed in an effort to streamline federal bureaucracy and boost compliance by the executives `` who are really calling the shots , '' said Brian Lane , special counsel at the SEC 's office of disclosure policy , which proposed the changes .
Mr. Brady also agreed with senators ' concerns about recent stock-market volatility , and said he realizes that the gyrations are scaring investors from investing in stocks .
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 .
Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies `` over the Hump '' from India to China during World War II .
The stock fell 7\/8 Thursday amid concerns over problems discovered with the chip .
It leads investors to focus on short-term price movements -- `` a game of musical chairs , '' he called it -- rather than on long-term fundamental valuation .
The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from the Federal Reserve Board , Securities and Exchange Commission , Comptroller of the Currency and Treasury as well as the options exchanges .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits .
Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman .
Ads for England are artsy and irreverent .
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue .
The maker of water-treatment chemicals and equipment said it will select the plant site early next year , and production is expected to begin in 1991 .
Revenue was $ 4.75 billion , up 6 % from $ 4.49 billion .
`` A lot of growers wo n't be around in a few years , '' says Mr. Norton , although they have stopped using Alar .
At 15 % , base interest rates are the highest in eight years , and the 7.6 % annual inflation rate is by far the highest in the European Community .
Elsewhere in Europe , share prices closed higher in Stockholm , Brussels and Milan .
Six-year-old Pace , based in Aurora , Colo. , operates 41 warehouse-club stores .
A recent attempt to resume operations was cut short quickly by these attacks .
Meanwhile , `` the bottom end of the market is becoming less loyal , '' says Laurel Cutler , vice chairman of the ad agency FCB\/Leber Katz Partners .
Conner is supplying hard-disk drives for the machine , which weighs only six pounds and fits in a briefcase .
Companies get more political clout plus a possible tax-deductible charitable donation -- so far no word from the IRS on deductibility .
If the deal closes , the two officers will draw salaries from the independent operation , not from Integrated .
Vista Chemical Co. , with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles , La. , `` prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico , '' says Keith L. Fogg , a company safety director .
EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the U.S. plan `` calls into question '' the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking `` substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection . ''
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 .
The debt consists of $ 50 million of 13 3\/8 % subordinated notes due 1998 , and $ 25 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2012 .
Banc One Corp. said it agreed in principle to buy five branch offices from Trustcorp Inc. , Toledo , Ohio , following the planned merger of Trustcorp into Society Corp. , Cleveland .
A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia ( D. , N.Y . ) and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery dropped $ 3.10 to $ 374.70 an ounce in moderate trading .
Hudson 's Bay Co. announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 337 million ) net of expenses .
Still , Kroger Co. , Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , CSX Corp. , Illinois Power Co. , Media General Inc. , Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. and Gulf States Utilities Co. , did n't pay any federal income tax last year although they garnered a total of $ 1.2 billion in profits , the group said .
Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s and it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 or 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus , Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti and Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions .
FOX HUNTING HAS been defined as the unspeakable in pursuit of the inedible , but at least it 's exercise .
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % .
Meanwhile , within the next few weeks , the limited partners in Ivan F. Boesky & Co . L.P. are expected to reach a partial settlement with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. regarding the distribution of the $ 330 million in partnership assets , said one of the individuals .
And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen .
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded .
`` The agency has concluded that contamination may be widespread throughout the mushroom-processing industry in China , '' an FDA spokesman said yesterday .
An analyst called it one of the worst trade reports since the dollar bottomed out in
COHERENT INC. , Palo Alto , laser maker , annual sales of $ 159 million , was closed yesterday but expects to reopen today .
I compared one universal policy for $ 130,000 face amount from such an insurer , American Life Insurance Corp. of Lincoln , Neb. , with a similar offering from Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. , which operates through 11,000 commissioned salesmen .
Under the deficit-reduction law , 4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money has been canceled .
How quickly things change .
That includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through August of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 .
Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Some 90 % of the crop , which was worth $ 26 million last year , is exported .
For the nine months , Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 155 million , or $ 2.33 a share , down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago .
So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes .
ABC lost $ 75 million on the 1988 Winter Games , partly because of its $ 309 million rights fee .
Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old .
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75-cents-an-hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 .
WHO 'S NEWS :
With the February 1987 U.N. accords `` relating to Afghanistan , '' the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control .
He says Mr. Peters and Mr. Guber , as the contractual producers with consultation rights , have been invited to screenings and to give their input on the film .
Armco 's sales representatives visit the General Motors Corp. 's Fairfax assembly plant in Kansas City , Mo. , two or three days a week .
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York .
`` It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes , '' he said .
In addition , a handful of paintings from the Dorrance collection remain to be sold at Sotheby 's annual old masters paintings auction in January .
As a consultant , he has given seminars at agencies including Ogilvy & Mather on how to win new business .
But they attribute much of the weakness to customer inventory reductions .
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 .
The plan thus places a large new affirmative-action program , based on `` socioeconomic disadvantage , '' on top of the existing program based on race .
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 .
Quarter net for the business-machines and financial-services company rose to $ 155 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 146 million , or $ 1.37 a share , in the year-earlier period .
Traders said the stock market 's lurching moves have prompted many investors to head for the sidelines until it regains some semblance of stability .
A Ford official confirmed in Tokyo that the U.S. motor vehicle maker is studying such an arrangement .
The Arizona Corporations Commission authorized an 11.5 % rate increase at Tucson Electric Power Co. , substantially lower than recommended last month by a commission hearing officer and barely half the rise sought by the utility .
Waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt .
The Westinghouse-Mitsubishi venture was designed as a non-equity transaction , circumventing any possible antitrust concerns .
The Senate , after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill , still is expected to join the House in voting to kill the law , which forces companies to provide comparable benefits to laborers and executives alike .
Public preference is important , So product names should match up , And firms that find they 're lagging behind Should now take steps to ketchup !
The former comes from the latest wave of political activism in Hollywood , especially around feminist issues such as abortion .
It 's hardly astonishing ( given the men 's track record ) that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters .
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co .
For everyone involved , it 's one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball .
After a landslide win in 1984 in polls held after the assassination of his mother , Indira Gandhi , Mr. Gandhi saw his popularity begin a roller coaster ride .
Among the subsidies continued in the transportation bill is $ 30.7 million to maintain commercial air service for an estimated 92 communities , often in rural areas .
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated .
The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle .
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas .
But investors do n't seem to think so .
Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate `` any problems '' with the completion of the transaction .
Mr. O'Kicki said he will respond to Mr. Green 's allegation at his trial .
General Motors Corp. is planning to build a new engine plant in Europe that may be built in Britain , provided the company can reach a satisfactory agreement with unions , sources said .
Dennis Block , a partner at the New York firm of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , said that in the first eight months of this year , 89 hostile offers were launched , compared with 157 for the first eight months of
The mining zone has thus remained one of the most desolate places in Africa .
`` I 've heard from friends that state farms are subsidized , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says as his wife , Wieslawa , sets some chairs out in the sun .
But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee .
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . ''
The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income , increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million , from $ 47.1 million the year-before period .
To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage , the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates .
When Boyer met Robert Swanson , an M.I.T.-trained chemist-turned-entrepreneur in 1976 , they saw dollar signs .
Mr. Sherry declined to comment when asked about the sales .
`` The sooner our vans hit the road each morning , the easier it is for us to fulfill that obligation . ''
There is a lot of waste .
William Kaiser , president of the Kaiser Financial Group in Chicago , said the decline was almost certainly influenced by the early sell-off in the stock market , which partly reflected a weakening economy .
Republican Sen. William Cohen of Maine , the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text torn out of context is a pretext , and it is unfair for those in the White House who are leaking to present the evidence in a selective fashion . ''
The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision , Robert Willens of Shearson Lehman Hutton says .
Mr. Greenspan said he and other Fed governors endorse a bill by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C. ) that would require the Fed to pursue policies aimed at eliminating inflation within five years .
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich .
Subcontractors said they were told that equipment orders would be delayed .
`` Cathay would love to keep going , but the general sense is they 're going to have to do something . ''
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing .
But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid that collapsed recently .
But at age 55 , `` they may be a great deal , '' says Mr. Wilson , the Columbia , S.C. , planner .
The North Texas Chevy Dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that thumbs its nose at elite Easterners .
Around Thanksgiving , the Solar Max satellite , which NASA repaired in orbit in 1984 , will tumble back into the Earth 's atmosphere .
Pretend Nothing Happened
The new Hewlett-Packard program , said analyst John McCarthy at Forrester Research Inc. , a computer-market research company , `` is a key building block as people move to this new model of distributed processing . ''
The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice .
Digital Equipment tacked on 1 1\/8 to 89 1\/8 , and Hewlett-Packard fell 3\/8 to 49 3\/8 .
In numerous parks near San Francisco , rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding .
Not even an earthquake .
He adds : `` The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon . ''
Daffynition
The issue : Is the planner putting his clients into the best investments , or the ones that garner the biggest commissions ?
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion .
`` We think we can reclaim hundreds of millions of dollars just through the nonresident project , '' Mr. Hicks declares .
We really do know all we need to know , if only we could assimilate this knowledge into our thinking .
Some analysts note that after last week 's stock market tailspin and Tuesday 's California earthquake , it 's hard to gauge where the central bank wants the key federal funds rate .
The Chicago office figured prominently in the bank 's problems earlier this year , when $ 65 million in loans to Chicago businessman William Stoecker went sour .
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : $ 15.6 billion three-month and six-month bills .
They are : `` A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU '' ( Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 ) by David Whitford ; `` Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football '' ( Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 ) by Armen Keteyian ; and `` Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias '' ( Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 ) by Lewis Cole .
But operating a U.S. department-store chain would be very difficult , '' says Motoyuki Homma , managing director of the international division at Mitsukoshi Ltd. , one of Japan 's leading department stores .
Governors have found that they have to use the device sparingly to maintain political comity .
Mr. Taylor 's overwhelming victory against Republican Tom Anderson reclaims a seat the Republicans had held for 17 years and gives the Democrats their fifth victory in the seven special House elections held this year .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Recognition rose 87.5 cents to $ 6.625 .
Their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them .
Specifications include a polished bronze sculpture at the center of each showroom and a tile bridge spanning a stream that flows into the building from outside .
Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany , and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces .
He labeled reports of friction `` ridiculous , '' and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips 's boat in Connecticut .
Richard Avena , executive director of the Texas Civil Liberties Union , called the proposal `` political gimmickry , '' and said it fails to recognize the drug problem as a health issue .
One new investment style called `` asset allocation '' shifts portfolio weightings between stocks , bonds and cash when computer models say one is more attractive .
It 's a kind of an investment . ''
Since peaking at 2791.41 on Oct. 9 , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has lost 194.69 points , or 7 % , closing Friday at 2596.72 , down 17.01 .
All U.S. futures exchanges agree that these and other trading practices require proper regulation and supervision .
`` People took separate development as an opportunity to use black labor without ever getting rid of it .
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock-index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock-index arbitrage had been a `` break-even '' proposition for Bear Stearns .
Arby 's is the marketing , franchising and service company for the 2,100 restaurants in the chain .
However , he asserted that the department had n't mastered the technology needed to retrofit the entire Cypress structure .
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52 .
This gap eventually closes , but slowly .
Mr. Mason says he 's convinced the public still wants to invest in common stocks , even though they believe the deck is stacked against them .
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position .
( He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . )
Most bills are drafted by bureaucrats , not politicians .
However , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by NBC News , is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress .
The chair is a way to package massage . ''
Fear is the father of panic .
The hall 's few computers are used mostly to send messages .
For example , `` no load '' mutual funds remain a favorite with investors because they do n't carry a frontend sales commission .
Despite the problems with new issues , high-yield bonds showed gains in the secondary , or resell , market .
General Motors Corp. 's general counsel hopes to cut the number of outside law firms the auto maker uses from about 700 to 200 within two years .
Also , Exxon went down 3\/8 to 45 3\/4 and Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 35 1\/8 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts .
Similarly , the House agreed to add back $ 62 million to continue work on the advanced communications technology satellite , being developed by General Electric Co .
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of `` Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , '' says : `` The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more .
Consider , for example , what happened to Maxwell House coffee .
`` I could n't afford to hire 16 whites .
`` We think everything will go this way in a few years . ''
Nikko 's pretax profit rose 1.6 % to 130.25 billion yen from 128.19 billion yen .
Dealers said the market still has n't shaken off its nervousness after its bumpy ride of the past several sessions , caused by interest-rate increases last week and Wall Street 's 6.9 % plunge Friday .
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills .
`` Japanese companies need to invest in overseas real estate for diversification , '' says Yoshio Shima , an industry analyst at Goldman Sachs ( Japan ) Corp .
IBM said it thought more companies would become interested as the project progresses .
Some of the funds will used to demolish unstable buildings and clear sites for future construction .
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants .
Reinforcing such old building stock , Mr. Johnson said , `` comes down to money .
David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products .
At an inconclusive Geneva meeting late last month , OPEC 's oil ministers halfheartedly approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling .
Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho ; Nov. 20 in Illinois ; Nov. 24 and Dec. 4 in Arizona ; Dec. 11 in Washington state ; and Jan. 8 in Oregon .
Howell , a Port Washington , N.Y. , construction concern , was established in 1891 .
Other companies based in the area include Hewlett-Packard , which rose 1\/4 to 49 ; National Semiconductor , which went up 1\/4 to 7 5\/8 , and Genentech , which eased 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 .
Citicorp yesterday reported a 9 % third-quarter earnings drop , which analysts called a bit disappointing , while Manufacturers Hanover Corp. posted a $ 789 million loss for the quarter after adding $ 950 million to its reserve for loans to less-developed countries .
These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales .
-- If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put .
But LTV , a steel , aerospace and energy concern , said it is confident that the Supreme Court will uphold the lower-court decisions and said it expects to continue discussions with the agency about a settlement while the case is being reviewed .
A financial adviser for Revco bondholders , David Schulte , of Chilmark Partners , had mixed reactions to the offer .
All Nasdaq industry indexes finished lower , with financial issues hit the hardest .
The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do .
B.A.T Industries PLC may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units -- in the wake of the current upheaval in financial markets , company officials said .
The ` Billionaire '
Publishing reported operating profit was $ 33.3 million , nearly flat with the year-before $ 33 million .
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp. , Houston .
Net product sales accounted for $ 76 million , up from $ 57.5 million a year earlier .
`` Back in 1987-88 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . ''
Another guy who thinks they 're out there and closing fast is Whitley Strieber , whose new novel , `` Majestic '' ( Putnam , 317 pages , $ 18.95 ) , takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert .
A substantial warming would melt some of the Earth 's polar ice caps , raising the level of the oceans and causing widespread flooding of heavily populated coastal areas .
The news could n't have been better , '' said Linda Kristiansen , a Dean Witter Reynolds analyst , in an interview .
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5765 , sharply down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday .
Industry analysts predict that by 1995 , South Korea will be building three million cars a year -- about half of that for export .
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! ''
And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions .
Many of these financiers lend freely , often without demanding collateral .
Fans of Anthony Andrews ( `` Brideshead Revisited '' ) will relish watching him play the title role ( s ) in the 19th-century Robert Louis Stevenson pre-Freudian drama of schizoid horror .
Trading was relatively thin at an estimated 650 million shares , though brisker than Monday 's 526 million .
By contrast , the pistons in conventional four-stroke engines must move up and down twice in each power cycle .
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote .
Car sales slackened in September after the 1990 models were introduced .
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc .
Wall Street traders say that , with institutional brokerage commissions far lower than in the 1970s , securities firms ca n't afford to take the risk of buying too much stock .
Many plants that used to make military equipment are now being ordered to produce televisions , videocassette recorders , small tractors and food-processing machinery .
The Dallas real estate investment trust last paid a dividend on Dec. 31 , 1987 , when shareholders received $ 1 a share .
`` They are preparing the workers for what 's coming : foreign control , '' wrote Heberto Castillo , a leftist leader .
Normally , once the underlying investment is suspended from trading , the options on those investments also do n't trade .
City and County of Honolulu -- $ 75 million of general obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , through a Bear , Stearns & Co. group .
MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services .
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the `` Big Chicken , '' a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark .
Southam said the level of future investment required by the paper would have restricted its options in other areas .
Financial markets quieted , with stock prices edging lower , bonds inching up and the dollar almost unchanged .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 73 days ; 8.325 % 74 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
She thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 1.09 to $ 1.10 range .
They still are .
But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year .
Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents ; modern senators , Mr. Boren notwithstanding , are less modest .
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 .
That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal .
The workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective .
Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive .
`` There was no loan , there is no loan , there never shall be a loan , '' the judge wrote the bank on his judicial stationery , according to the report .
Genentech Inc. said the West German distributor of its heart drug TPA reached a joint marketing agreement with a subsidiary of Hoechst AG , which makes the rival anti-clotting agent streptokinase .
However , insurance brokers and executives say that the combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump .
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch .
What if it happened to us ?
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit-card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR .
During 1988 , the Datatronic subsidiaries had combined sales in excess of $ 200 million .
By buying futures contracts , these companies attempt to protect themselves from swings in the price of the corn that they are obligated to deliver .
This ballpark , the Stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too symmetrical , too much bald concrete .
Mr. Skase , a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations .
Consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a refrigerator or an air-conditioned car .
No employee or vendor would be involved .
The company said it acquired 2.5 million shares for 785 pence ( $ 12.48 ) each , or a total of # 19.6 million ( $ 31.2 million ) , from its broker , Barclays de Zoete Wedd .
$ 588,350,000 .
On Monday , traders noted that some investors took profits against the backdrop of the Nikkei 's fast-paced recovery following its plunge last Monday in reaction to the Oct. 13 drop in New York stock prices .
Moreover , the earnings were well below analysts ' expectations of about $ 1.16 a share .
The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % .
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .
The 40-year-old Buddy L concern , based in New York , designs and develops toys under the names `` Buddy L '' and `` My First Buddy , '' he said .
Mr. Roman said American Express 's Mr. Robinson first approached him about the job in late September .
Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million .
Moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales .
As Mr. Rivkin explains it , `` We were raising some caution flags about rate rises in Europe and concerns about the LBO market .
RAYCHEM CORP. , Menlo Park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 1 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated .
Princeton\/Newport investors , including McKinsey & Co. and the Harvard endowment , made the rational decision to withdraw their money ; for the firm , the liquidation was sentence first , verdict later .
That means that the U.S. trade deficit was running closer to $ 75 billion than to $ 95 billion in 1988 , and $ 55 billion ( annualized ) rather than $ 80 billion in the first quarter of 1989 .
Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. became the partner , ponying up more than half of the $ 600,000 in drilling and start-up costs .
Under those amendments , which took effect in March of this year , the federal government can intervene in private housing-discrimination lawsuits .
A deep trench now runs along its north wall , exposed when the house lurched two feet off its foundation during last week 's earthquake .
`` The programs have arthritis , '' says Rep. Henry Hyde , a conservative Republican from Illinois .
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way .
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business .
Also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years .
Off the Strip , MarCor is building the Rio , a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites .
In 1987 , USAir Chairman Edwin Colodny stonewalled when Trans World Airlines Chairman Carl Icahn threatened to take over the carrier .
For Mr. Jones , it was just the beginning .
Some think investors should sell into rallies .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , down more than 60.25 points early in the day , finished 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 .
Chemical Waste Management posted the biggest increase in short volume on the New York exchange , up 3,383,477 shares to 5,267,238 .
The graph on the right ( which assumes a 4 % rate of inflation ) , places these scenarios in the context of recent appropriations ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) .
The $ 6 billion that some 40 companies are looking to raise in the year ending March 31 compares with only $ 2.7 billion raised on the capital market in the previous fiscal year .
Yesterday , U S West shares rose 75 cents to close at $ 71.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Already , many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public .
The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is `` both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , '' he said .
The company said it would repurchase half of its common shares at $ 70 each , sell an estimated $ 1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders .
COFFEE :
The Republicans show no sign of relenting .
At these offices , earthquake victims will be helped in filling out a one-page form that they will need to qualify for such federal assistance as home-improvement loans and to repair houses .
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 1989 and Wednesday October 4 , 1989 .
An agreement to sell the Wilson assets for $ 150 million in cash and notes collapsed in late September , when the buyer , a company controlled by George Gillett , could n't secure financing .
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park .
Born in a Baltic town in an area which is now part of Poland , he has dedicated his life to the party apparatus .
Still , Mr. McCammon said Ford expects the U.S. economy to weaken through the end of 1990 , causing weaker sales and production .
America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship .
The court also questioned a crediting mechanism that could be used to resolve take-or-pay liabilities .
He comes from the same political line as Wright Patman , a bank-baiting Texas populist who chaired the Banking Committee until 1974 .
The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials could n't be reached for comment .
Milton Roy jumped 2 to 18 3\/8 .
The Jamaica Tourist Board , in the wake of Young & Rubicam 's indictment on charges that it bribed Jamaican officials to win the account in 1981 , released a scathing memo blaming the agency for the embarrassing incident .
( Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall , a rill , ponds and other costly , trivial waterworks beside the Hudson . )
But ozone creation is a very large-scale natural process and the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture .
In August , soon after Wang Laboratories Inc. reported a staggering $ 424.3 million loss and replaced its president , two Boston sales representatives sent customers a letter saying : `` We fully expect that you will soon be reading stories in the press reporting the ` Amazing Comeback at Wang . ' ''
Privately , exchange officials worry that without a hospitable system for program trading at the Big Board , billions of dollars in trading will simply migrate to overseas exchanges such as London 's .
And why should holders expect to realize that presumed `` worth ? ''
The deal by the Ford Motor Co. unit , priced Monday , was increased to $ 3.05 billion from $ 2.58 billion .
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp .
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement .
But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks .
Last year , Morgan Grenfell shut down its ailing U.K. securities operations .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Lyondell was unchanged at $ 18.50 a share .
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts .
`` I expect to see some selling , but will they kill this one as they have every rally in the recent past '' by selling and locking in prices for their production ?
He said that American Telephone & Telegraph , MCI Communications Corp. , Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project .
But several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said they 're staying away from any junk security that is n't considered first rate for its class .
Esselte AB of Sweden offered $ 43.50 a share for the 22 % of the company it does n't already own .
Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups .
He returned home last Thursday , packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek .
So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors .
In a report out last week , John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say that about half the cells taken from lung cancer tissue they tested are missing this gene .
UNITED AIR 'S PARENT quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of the labor-management buy-out , saying UAL should remain independent for now .
Revenue rose to $ 9.03 billion from $ 8.98 billion .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved the assumption of Century 's deposits and fully secured liabilities by a newly chartered subsidiary of Valley Capital Corp. , Las Vegas .
`` The shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . ''
Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics .
Battle-tested Japanese industrial managers here always buck up nervous newcomers with the tale of the first of their countrymen to visit Mexico , a boatload of samurai warriors blown ashore 375 years ago .
After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night , underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75 % , higher than the 14.5 % that had been expected .
The FTC 's request was `` not unusual '' and Emerson will make a `` full and prompt '' response , according to a spokesman .
They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House .
Volume was thin at 374.6 million shares traded , down from 405.4 million Tuesday .
The `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' decision strikes a blow against the whole historical enterprise .
`` The { ministry } thinks the banks do n't know what they are doing , that they have very little idea how to cope with risk , '' said one foreign bank analyst who asked not to be identified .
Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas .
Not only does this come close to a violation of law , it violates the trust we have all worked to develop . ''
One of the reasons American students do so poorly in math tests , as compared with British , French , German or Japanese students , is the influence of the `` New Math '' on American textbooks and teaching methods .
In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 .
Robert I. Toussie , general partner of the investment group , said the Lionel response reflected management 's entrenched position , saying officials had failed to come up with a better alternative to his group 's offer .
In the process , Litigation Sciences is quietly but inexorably reshaping the world of law .
The Dow Jones industrials closed up 39.55 , at 2683.20 , after rising over 60 points in mid-afternoon .
The bank is now aggressively marketing retail services at its domestic branches .
They argue that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged .
The $ 13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day .
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40-year-old former governor of the state of Alagoas .
He said all three non-food operations are profitable .
The move followed a round of similar increases by other lenders against Arizona real estate loans , reflecting a continuing decline in that market .
In contrast , dashboard computers , power seats and turbo-charged engines had little appeal .
Time Warner Inc. is considering a legal challenge to Tele-Communications Inc. 's plan to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. , a move that could lead to all-out war between the cable industry 's two most powerful players .
On Storer as a whole , KKR racked up compound annual returns of 60 % in the three years it owned Storer .
Yesterday , Southam reported third-quarter earnings of C$ 10.8 million on revenue of C$ 395.4 million , down from C$ 14.6 million on revenue of C$ 389.6 million in the year-ago quarter .
Thomas M. Bloch , president and chief operating officer , says `` I would disagree '' that the tax business is mature .
Dow Jones is the publisher of The Wall Street Journal .
They added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines .
A spokesman for Shearson said the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks .
But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap that will give them a substantial equity stake in the company .
And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March .
Microsoft , which last week rose to a record , fell victim to profit-taking , traders said , as it declined 2 1\/8 to 83 1\/8 .
Perhaps the biggest of those factors is its high ad prices -- $ 130,000 for a four-color page , vs. $ 47,000 for the Smithsonian , a comparable publication with a far smaller circulation .
Weirton Steel Corp. , Weirton , W. Va. , for example , is touting to homeowners fashionable steel doors , with leaded glass inserts , as a secure and energy-efficient alternative to wooden or aluminum ones .
The U.S. should take care , however , that its own position in the country does not go down with him .
Some writers in theoretical journals even raised the notion of introducing democracy , at least in the workplace .
The rally notwithstanding , there are plenty of worries about the short-term course of stock prices .
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw , in an attempt to buy time , might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene , who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984 .
Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models .
However , he added , `` it 's not a requirement that the plan be accepted by creditors .
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler .
`` We 'll raise it through bank loans .
Societa per Azioni Finanziaria Industria Manaifatturiera ( Italy ) --
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds .
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death .
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces .
For the nine months , AMR 's net rose 15 % to $ 415.9 million , or $ 6.59 a share , from $ 360.1 million , or $ 5.99 a share .
Jeffrey T. Schmidlin
Occupational disability related to anxiety , depression and stress costs about $ 8,000 a case in terms of worker 's compensation .
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story .
Old Stone repeated projections that it will be profitable for the fourth quarter and will about break even for the year .
The size and pace of disbursements will accelerate further under the Brady Plan , which promises larger and earlier disbursements to approved countries .
One major advantage of the revised plan is that Aztar will have far less debt than under the old terms .
-- WSJ Business Bulletin )
Robert White , a vice president and manager of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , agreed with that view and predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 7 3\/4 % and 8 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % .
Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence , failure to file a return , and the like .
`` These products are the heart of our transmission-product line , '' Mr. Buchner said .
`` If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? '' Mr. Carmon asked .
The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. 30 .
For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience .
`` They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . ''
`` We are n't forced sellers .
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday .
To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the U.S. .
Banc One said `` it is contemplated '' that John B. McCoy , chairman and chief executive officer , will assume the additional position of president upon Mr. McKinney 's retirement .
The pound strengthened to $ 1.5795 from $ 1.5765 .
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do .
The government , in turn , guaranteed financing to complete the order backlog and took control of the board .
Municipals
Bonds received a bigger boost later in the day when stock prices moved broadly lower .
In one , birds are the dominant carnivores ; in another the seas abound with `` little penises . ''
The dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities abated .
But there still are a few ways today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions .
Sanraku Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 100 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Nomura International .
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman .
BellSouth 's `` back-end protection was flawed previously .
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said .
Sales rose 8 % to $ 456.2 million from $ 422 million .
Linda Aldridge , who does full-body work in Pittsburgh , says that while on-site massage is better than nothing , tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg .
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year .
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , abandoned a policy of flooding the market to punish quota-cheaters .
Hewlett-Packard Co. also has begun to gain share in the whole computer-integrated-manufacturing arena .
Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday .
Donald Trump , who faced rising doubt about his bid for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. even before a United Airlines buy-out came apart Friday , withdrew his $ 7.54 billion offer .
Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million , or $ 1.58 a share , in the 1988 third quarter .
`` This is not your father 's mainframe , '' said Allan McGuire , a Digital spokesman .
The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook .
Weisfield 's Inc. said it is in preliminary discussions regarding the possible sale of the company .
Mr. Downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was flamboyant and others deemed offensive .
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop .
But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says .
Firms are permitted wide flexibility in the child-care arrangements they provide .
A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs is around 60 million pounds a year -- apparently well above current shipments and a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market waiting for such a product .
He is free to invest in chickens , and to fail for lack of chicken wire .
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction .
Mr. Roman , by contrast , seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet and a duck hat , costumed as a `` lame duck . ''
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ?
But the brand had trouble from the start .
`` We lent a lot of money all over the place , '' said Tan Sri Basir , who refused to discuss the bank 's outstanding loans to
Damage will be `` easily in the millions , '' the company said .
`` They looked like ordinary vacationers at first , '' says Willy LLerena , owner of Travel Air Service in Monte Bello , Calif. , describing five men who entered his agency last June .
It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' minds , manners and morals , and argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery , willful blindness , role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants .
Sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help Bay area clients who called with computer problems .
The company had been one of the maninstays of Miami Beach financier Victor Posner 's empire .
These trade-offs would evolve priorities by revealing when the cost of the B-2 became prohibitive .
But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million .
But Humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped .
Third , they offer high yields .
But many economists were not nearly as jubilant .
Comsat Video will pay $ 17 million for a 62.5 % interest , with Messrs. Lee and Bynoe putting up $ 8 million for a 37.5 % stake in the team .
Businessmen took their cue from the engineers .
`` Barry felt very committed .
The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it 's meaningless .
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines .
The purchases increased his stake to 16.2 % of the shares outstanding .
Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 .
One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates ; this can avoid weak sisters , but also can hurt when a company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds .
I 'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother . ''
The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York 's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high .
Predictably , some Navy guys said : `` Do we still need to keep all 18 Army divisions on active duty and all those extra land-based aircraft without bases and all those Army guys playing admiral in Tampa ?
( Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . )
Before the loan-loss addition , it said , it had operating profit of $ 10 million for the quarter .
American journalist William L. Shirer , in his book `` The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , '' wrote of how in Vienna he had witnessed `` squads of { Nazi } SS men carting off silver , tapestries , paintings and other loot from the Rothschild palace . ''
Finnair would receive SAS shares valued at the same amount , officials said .
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses .
In the lingo of computer security , the NASA intruder is technically a computer worm , Mr. Redmond said .
The Nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week , adding 1017.69 points in four days -- more than erasing Monday 's losses .
Succeeding him as chairman and chief executive will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's parent , Texas Air Corp .
They discourage prosecutors , under certain circumstances , from seeking court orders seizing the assets of racketeering defendants prior to trial .
The president 's request did n't indicate how Mr. Cheney would shift the money .
Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base , its influential position in the Tokyo market and its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors .
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % .
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov , 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1994 , at a premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed .
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others .
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .
`` We spent a lot of time and money in building our group of stations , '' he said , adding that Fox does n't `` appreciate '' another company attempting to usurp its station lineup .
The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we lunged for the doorway .
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary .
They carry a 7 % coupon .
The SBA expects to make about $ 1 billion in Hurricane Hugo loans .
( So long as you do n't look down . )
Logic plays a minimal role here .
Corporate Issues
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers .
Now , she says , `` it 's no longer an issue . ''
Directors of state-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro approved a two-step capital-boosting transaction and a change in the bank 's rules that will help it operate more like a private-sector institution .
Some California thrift stocks also fell , including Golden West Financial Corp. and H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday .
`` Confidence was starting to come back because we did n't have wildly volatile days , '' says Tyler Jenks , research director for Kanon Bloch Carre & Co. , a Boston research firm .
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells .
`` Amenities '' planned for Chicago 's new Parkshore Tower apartments include an on-site investment counselor .
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables .
Alfred Zapfel , chief trader at Bank of Boston in Frankfurt , took an opposite stance .
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly .
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April .
But the utility may not continue next year .
This is indeed what the market decided .
And the number of rigs active in the U.S. is inching up .
He said Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two Eastern bloc nations and to Western Europe next January .
GM is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks , knowledgeable individuals say .
She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and clips in the pleasure dome . ''
If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium , other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products .
Continental Cablevision Inc. , via underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. , priced $ 350 million of junk bonds at par to yield 12 7\/8 % .
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while .
In September , it announced plans to acquire the tropical-fruit business of RJR Nabisco Inc. 's Del Monte foods unit for # 557 million ( $ 878 million ) .
At the New York Stock Exchange , which has been buffeted by complaints from angry individual investors and the exchange 's own listed companies , Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. held an emergency meeting with senior partners of some of the Big Board 's 49 stock specialist firms .
In 1988 , the company earned $ 1.38 a share .
Sales in the quarter gained 29 % to $ 410.4 million from $ 317.7 million a year earlier .
The court , in a 3-0 ruling , threw out a deadline set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for settling old contract disputes over gas that the pipeline companies reserved but did n't use .
Big Board officials would n't comment publicly .
Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one .
A price was n't disclosed .
But because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , Mr. Conner 's team has done little to begin gearing up to defend its title .
Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law , and no second invitation will be required .
William Greaney , an attorney for the Chemical Manufacturers Association , said that while other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages , the influence of the appeals court in New York `` will make insurers sit up and listen . ''
After letting aluminum-makers take the recycling lead , a group of the nation 's largest steelmakers started a recycling institute to promote steel cans to an environmentally conscious nation .
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million .
Company , with 1,750 workers in area , is fully functional .
Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation .
I do n't believe they have the culture '' to adequately service high-net-worth individuals , he adds .
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share .
Oils and fats also did well , posting a 5.3 % sales increase .
What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business . ''
Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 , but most paper and forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets .
`` The guys are being macho , and the girls are walking around in little things .
Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark .
Yet their best boast is that they produce 32 % of Polish pork .
I trusted in his lordship 's wisdom ... .
Italy 's industrial wholesale sales index rose 13.2 % in June from a year earlier , the state statistical institute Istat said .
International competition for the few Soviet goods that can be sold on world markets is heating up , however .
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on Showtime ( repeated Nov. 2 , 6 , 11 and 15 ) : `` The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . ''
A series of recent acquisitions made it the dominant magazine publisher in Quebec .
Marietta , Ga .
`` Progressive education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction .
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture .
If the White House spots one , it intends to fire a veto at it .
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding .
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate .
The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans .
And because the pachinko industry is regularly at the top of annual lists for tax evasion , some observers estimate the real income could be as much as 20 trillion yen .
A claim by Peter Testa of New York that a stranger paid him $ 500 to go into a bank and change $ 44,400 in small bills into large bills `` is unconvincing , '' the Tax Court found .
The price movements get bigger as the maturity of the securities lengthens .
This fall , for example , L'Oreal Group , ordinarily a high-end line , rolled out a drug-store line of skin-care products called Plenitude , which retail for $ 5 to $ 15 .
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit .
The London exchange 's electronic price-reporting system provided only indicative , or non-firm , prices for about 40 minutes on Manic Monday .
Nigel Lawson was a victim of the immense confusion in thought that has been characteristic of Western financial circles during the 1980s .
According to veteran watchers of Unificationist affairs , such as Dr. J. Gordon Melton , director of the Institute for the Study of American Religion , almost all operations are being drastically reduced as Mr. Moon now concentrates more on developing his empire in the Far East .
Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance .
Exxon Corp. said it will move its headquarters from Manhattan to Dallas .
USX Corp. and its Japanese partner , Kobe Steel Ltd. , agreed to form a joint venture to build a new plant to produce hot-dipped galvanized sheet products , mainly for the automotive market .
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs .
Sumitomo Realty & Development rose 40 to 2170 .
But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get `` numbers in order '' for end-of-year reports .
Mr. Hoelzer , however , sued Stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it .
MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay $ 93 million and nearly 1.8 million common shares to buy 117 acres of land along the Las Vegas , Nev. , Strip as a site for its planned movie-studio and theme-park resort .
Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase ( and transfer of shares to Japan ) would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing .
Your Oct. 2 article on Daniel Yankelovich cited the quote `` A good name is better than great riches '' as being from Cervantes ' `` Don Quixote . ''
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''
Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early .
`` There 's no reason to believe that juries rule inappropriately , '' he says .
By the second half of 1990 , USAir stock could hit 60 , says Helane Becker of Shearson Lehman Hutton .
But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said .
However , Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace ; `` Baker Boys '' is both bluesy and funny .
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably .
Couch-potato jocks watching ABC 's `` Monday Night Football '' can now vote during halftime for the greatest play in 20 years from among four or five filmed replays .
Nikon forecast sales for the year ending March 31 will rise 9.6 % to 240 billion yen .
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums .
Two years later , Mrs. Aquino 's promise remains largely unfulfilled .
That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators .
Headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant and working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric , the fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia .
Many adjusters are authorized to write checks for amounts up to $ 100,000 on the spot .
Another hurdle concerns Japan 's attempts to persuade the Soviet Union to relinquish its post-World War II control of four islands north of Japan .
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly .
The new converters are `` a critical link between film and the television domain , '' says Joerg D. Agin , vice president and general manager of Kodak 's Motion Picture and Audiovisual Products division .
Skipping personal pleasantries , Mr. Lee picked up exactly where he left off several months earlier -- before the government crackdown in China -- when he had warned that the orthodox leadership in Beijing feared a plurality of views .
The product will be distributed by Pitman-Moore Inc. , a subsidiary of International Minerals .
Only a month ago he 'd warned Congress not to pass legislation to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest .
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants .
Ray Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the `` breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected . ''
As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative .
Besides the Machinists pact , accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December .
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds .
Over the past year there have been only one burglary , three thefts of or from autos , no purse-snatchings , and one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 .
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990-model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars .
In such a climate , utility stocks look good to him .
But there is a grimly ironic twist to the Columbia loss .
But Coniston , a New York partnership managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver , yesterday announced that `` in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets '' the offering would be postponed and restructured .
In such cases , the game has n't changed , only the name .
The adjacent tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 50,000 shares existed as of Oct. 13 or in which there was a short position change of at least 25,000 shares since Sept. 15 ( see accompanying tables -- WSJ Oct. 25 , 1989 ) .
Recently , in Wollo province in the center of Ethiopia , Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops .
The 235 general-purpose funds increased $ 2.53 billion to $ 116.56 billion , while 96 broker-dealer funds increased $ 1.3 billion to $ 154.05 billion .
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing .
Texas Instruments , which had reported Friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 30 % from the year-ago level , went down 2 1\/8 to 33 on 1.1 million shares .
In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp .
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 .
HUD says the project does n't qualify , and Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money .
Now is the time to reform the government from a provider , developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern , industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice .
The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft `` advertorial '' section that ran in five Meredith magazines .
`` I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , '' says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic .
It is true that both are non-violent , but there is a fundamental difference between them .
While the market kept careful tabs on Wall Street 's gyrations , it shrugged off a modest downturn in equities to bid the dollar well above the day 's lows .
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
WCRS has been in discussions with Eurocom for several months .
Maxwell 's sale of its U.S. printing unit was expected , the last major business to be disposed of in a major reshuffling of assets .
A six-month , broker-sold CD , for example , was yielding an average 8.09 % in the latest week , a fifth of a percentage point lower than the week before .
They are expected to have an average life of 3.16 years .
First National Bank of Chicago will act as trustee , and the transaction will be supported by an 8 % letter of credit issued by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. , Chicago branch .
A minute later it soared 128 points , then zoomed back down 113 points , 69 below Friday 's close .
As former Ambassador to Costa Rica Francis J. McNeil testified before the subcommittee , the Reagan administration knew that Gen. Noriega was involved with narcotics , but made a decision in the summer of 1986 `` to put Gen. Noriega on the shelf until Nicaragua was settled . ''
Banco Ambrosiano , which was Italy 's largest private-sector bank , collapsed in 1982 with $ 1.3 billion of debts .
A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to .
Analysts said some investors were disappointed that the cash-rich company had failed to announce a special dividend .
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
Then we began to file out , to wait safely on terra firma for the opening pitch .
`` We need to get the kids away from the criminals into a less traumatic environment , '' says Mr. Edelman .
Now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report from national purchasing managers and the government 's October employment report as potentially prompting the Fed to lower rates .
Maybe he did n't start it , but Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning to non-violent civil disobedience as we know it today .
But the fiercely competitive Mr. Corry quickly showed he 's no pushover .
Instead of hoping to sell his USAir stake at analysts ' estimated buy-out price of $ 80 a share , Mr. Steinhardt is stuck with roughly 3.7 million USAir shares that cost him $ 45 , on average , but yesterday closed at 40 1\/2 , up 1\/4 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
`` They ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says Dr. Freudenberger .
Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber .
Previously , regulators insisted that franchisers pre-register such changes with the state -- a costly process taking at least six weeks .
The company said its junk-bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets .
The acquisition is subject to approval by Kennametal 's board .
Colgate said net income for the quarter rose to $ 76.7 million , or $ 1.06 a share , on sales that increased 6 % to $ 1.3 billion .
In Cupertino , Calif. , Apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that HyperCard does not infringe `` any valid claims '' of the Quickview patents .
`` But when prices were crazy , it was even harder to do an LBO .
Another factor was that customers were asking , `` Why do n't you give us a cheaper system ? '' Mr. Jobs said at a conference on university computing here .
It is what lawyers call `` fact intensive . ''
The figures are at seasonally adjusted annual rates in trillions of dollars .
In the year-earlier fourth quarter , the company had profit of $ 2.7 million , or 15 cents a share .
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . )
The company 's stock plunged when it first announced that it planned to acquire Emhart .
The charter would just have to be restricted to a list of workers ' fundamental rights , without seeking to impose any norms .
Since the China crisis erupted , Mr. Mushkat says , the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces .
And because Northern California home prices are so high , loans from the region often are too large to be included in Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae pools .
Before the law went into effect last month , car rental companies were charging as much as $ 12 a day for the waiver in Texas .
FIG :
The acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to Home Shopping Network Inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry .
`` You 'll have weird dreams , too . ''
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves .
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help .
He retains his current positions as chief strategic officer of AM International and president of AM Ventures .
Merkur was originally aimed at enticing into Lincoln-Mercury dealerships the kind of young , affluent buyers who would n't be caught dead in a Town Car -- a vehicle so bargelike that Ford is staging a press event next month linking the Town Car 's launch to the commissioning of a new aircraft carrier in Norfolk , Va .
But I am sure we need to maximize our `` earthquake '' protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their mighty shock-damping power to our nation 's markets .
Mr. Kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets .
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements .
`` He did it very well , '' recalls Boris Martinez , a former Panamanian colonel who managed Mr. Noriega and his operation .
In the Lilly case , the appeals court broadly construed a federal statute to grant Medtronic , a medical device manufacturer , an exemption to infringe a patent under certain circumstances .
Contel is a $ 6 billion telephone and electronics company .
People hold out and try to get a bargain . ''
As a result of the refinancing , the company said the interest on the debt will fall to slightly more than 11 % from slightly more than 14 % .
The money will be applied for voter registration and election monitoring , but more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party .
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband 's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns .
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 .
Merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in Ottawa today to discuss the decision .
How could he be ?
Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport .
Because all operations are connected , one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown .
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios .
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , said phone volume was more than double its typical level , but still half that of Oct. 19 , 1987 .
`` We have no in-office business . ''
It said net income will rise 25 % to 69 billion yen .
In its order , the state regulatory agency said the company `` must be held accountable for the mistakes made in the management of the plant 's operation . ''
`` At the time we had only daughters , '' explains the 72-year-old patriarch , `` so we had to close the bank . ''
But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today .
`` A union , sooner or later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , '' Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with disdain .
The cement producer said the payment was made from excess cash flow .
In fact , some auto executives suggest that slackened demand for their cars in the U.S. and Canada is a blessing ; otherwise they would n't be able to keep up with demand in the more profitable local market .
Operating profit grew 57 % to $ 269 million from $ 171 million , while operating margins rose to 16.1 % from 15.9 % the previous quarter and 12.6 % a year ago .
`` We can support the American flag without changing the American Constitution , '' said Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine .
This recommendation might have encouraged a turf-hungry bureaucrat to try to expand his power , but so far Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has n't made a pitch for the job .
The Independent Insurance Agents of America says fewer than one of every five California homeowners has earthquake insurance .
What if the system does n't work ?
As it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including Winton Blount ( former postmaster general of the U.S. ) , Mrs. Henry Gaisman ( widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor ) and Vincent Murphy ( an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . )
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets .
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .
Crude oil prices ended mixed .
Separately , Purchase , N.Y.-based PepsiCo Inc. , as expected , said fiscal third-quarter net rose 11 % to $ 269.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 241.6 million , or 91 cents a share .
In January , Mr. Salvatori sold the unit .
Thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary rigor of monetary policy to be undermined by exchange rate weakness . ''
U.S. investors will be permitted to buy the shares from EC investors 90 days later .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % .
Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks and chronic soreheads to file complaints .
After then , the House measure would boost the tax rate to 28 % and exclude from tax the gain attributable to inflation .
Those events continue to move at a rate , and in a direction , which leave informed commentary -- let alone policy -- far in their wake .
A crowd estimated at 100,000 held a torch-lit march through Budapest as Acting President Szuros delivered a nationally televised address rejecting communist dominance .
But he said that even under those conditions , the company still would realize a savings of tens of millions of dollars in the first year following a merger .
The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund , an annuity and a money-market fund .
Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
`` I think the dynamics of this situation are that something 's got to happen , '' said one official familiar with the situation .
At Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Prudential Bache Securities , and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , they are `` account executives . ''
Mr. Saltzburg , who teaches evidence at the University of Virginia School of Law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the U.S. Justice Department until August , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal Judge Robert R. Merhige Jr. , in Richmond , Va .
Texas simply pumped harder .
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % .
Third and most important , Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; I 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile .
`` We should not be seeing any more , '' said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip .
The group 's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around .
But would n't you know , now that we are spending jillions of dollars , and have built those new divisions and new air wings , and have positioned all these ships and supplies to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject .
`` Our expectation of confidentiality is being eroded . ''
Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours .
`` The percentage of your day spent twiddling your thumbs got greater , and the work day kept getting longer .
Your Oct. 5 editorial `` A Democratic Tax Cut '' contained an error .
`` I guess I was naive , '' he said .
The U.S. ranks fourth of countries that have concluded joint ventures , behind West Germany , Finland and Italy .
Columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will dispose of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately capitalized subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed .
`` Stocks that have a high default risk have started to underperform those stocks that have a lower default risk , '' said Eric Sorenson , director of quantitative analysis at Salomon Brothers .
We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , '' he says .
An NBC spokesman says the network will `` closely monitor '' the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect .
`` Producers at the moment regard that area a good one in which to sell gold . ''
While rival ABC News outstripped the competition in live coverage of the event by sheer luck -- the network was broadcasting the World Series from Candlestick Park when the quake struck -- NBC News was unable to get its signal out of San Francisco for the first hour after the quake .
Poland 's premier is to visit Moscow next month .
It said it expects net to rise 45 % to 380 billion yen .
But ever since the Supreme Court 's Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services decision this year changed the political landscape of the abortion issue , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall .
Investment bankers familiar with the company said Goodson is seeking a new bank credit line of $ 190 million and may have to sell additional newspapers .
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia-Pacific is offering .
`` They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , '' said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif .
These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress ( the General Accounting Office ) , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes .
Company officials and union representatives did n't meet face to face , but the mediator shuttled between the two groups .
In the period , the company completed the sale of its European cosmetics businesses , sold a majority interest in its Brazilian affiliate , and announced the reorganization of its over-the-counter drug businesses into a new unit , Schering-Plough Health Care Products .
Minpeco said it would n't pursue such litigation if its settlement plan in the W. Herbert Hunt case is approved by Judge Abramson , who will consider the proposal at a hearing next week .
But in the second quarter , Salomon posted a record $ 253 million net on revenue of $ 2.33 billion .
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower .
Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect .
In the third quarter , for example , junk bonds -- those with less than an investment-grade rating -- showed negative returns , the only major sector of the bond market to do so .
Well , the arrogant East Coast media have spoken again ( `` Going for the Green , '' editorial , Oct. 17 ) .
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies .
NASA wo n't attempt a rescue ; instead , it will try to predict whether any of the rubble will smash to the ground and where .
That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive and negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades .
Volume totaled 14,560,000 shares .
Colgate 's household products business , which includes such brands as Fab laundry detergent and Ajax cleanser , has been a weak performer .
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities .
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources concern controlled by financier Alan Bond , is selling many of its assets to reduce an A$ 6.9 billion debt .
Mr. Pilson and his team huddled in a hallway and took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer .
Such moves have helped Mr. Rosen weather the industry slump of recent years .
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants .
After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies , she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils .
One executive familiar with the Bloomingdale 's situation said , `` No book has been issued regarding Bloomingdale 's , there are no projections , so I doubt very much whether any bid has been made . ''
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents .
The catalyst has been the congressional move to restore preferential tax treatment for capital gains , an effort that is likely to succeed in this Congress .
`` The credit for income taxes is a result of having provided deferred income taxes applicable to the sold assets at the higher income tax rates in effect in prior years , '' the sellers said .
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now .
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
That 's some of what emerges from the following charts , which show how Americans have changed their investment patterns over the past 90 years .
One Mobil executive said that the $ 40 million charge related to the action indicates `` a substantial '' number of people will be involved .
Any hotel-casino without a strong identity will get whacked by the new competition , says Glenn Schaeffer , senior vice president of Circus Circus .
Credit analysts said investors are nervous about the issue because they say the company 's ability to meet debt payments is dependent on too many variables , including the sale of assets and the need to mortgage property to retire some existing debt .
A group including New York investors Douglas A. Kass and Anthony Pedone holds the equivalent of a 12.6 % stake in H.H. Robertson Co. 's common shares outstanding , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
`` The ` r ' word is looming again , '' says one dealer , referring to persistent concern among some market analysts that the U.S. economy is heading toward a major slowdown if not a recession .
`` There 's nothing preventing BellSouth from buying up shares in the meanwhile . ''
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again .
Detrex Corp. said a reserve it is establishing to cover expected pollution cleanup costs at an Ohio plant reduced its third-quarter net income by $ 1.9 million .
The Financial Services division has guaranteed the Dorrance family that it will receive a minimum of $ 100 million for the collection , regardless of what the bids for the art works total , people close to the transaction say .
`` Really brave views right now would be foolhardy . ''
Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications .
The work , though , sounds like Muzak for spaceships .
Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules .
Messrs. Roberts and Stein could n't be reached for comment .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , ITT common stock fell 62.5 cents to close at $ 58.75 a share .
Di Giorgio gained 1 to 30 3\/4 after the company said it is starting negotiations with unidentified parties interested in acquiring its units .
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) .
People familiar with B.A.T say possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and General Cinema Corp. , which is interested in bidding for Saks .
In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year .
The banking operation had a loss of $ 8.7 million in the second quarter , largely because of problem real-estate loans , while the insurance operations earned $ 884,000 .
Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee 's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding .
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions .
HOMESTEAD FINANCIAL CORP. , Millbrae , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 562 million , OTC , said three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday .
But it will slow production . ''
The holding of 13.6 million shares is up from a 6.7 % stake that Burmah announced SHV held as of last Monday .
At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan , one floor below the offices of `` 60 Minutes , '' the most successful prime-time news program ever , actors wait in the reception area to audition for `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung . ''
But public documents indicate 10 % or more of the bank 's provisions were made for foregone interest on a M$ 200 million loan to Malaysia 's dominant political party , the United Malays National Organization , to build its convention and headquarters complex in Kuala Lumpur .
I am waiting .
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly .
At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices .
The 1988 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 35 million .
It 's especially nettlesome `` if you 're on the road and you 're the one responsible , '' says Eddie Brown , president of Brown Capital Management Inc. , a Baltimore money-management firm .
First Boston Corp. is sole underwriter .
Although Coopers has n't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger .
To date , 1,013 of those children have died , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control .
They wonder whether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough .
Poland is short on enterprises , not enterprise .
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares .
But professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days .
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them .
He launched into Saint-Saens 's `` The Swan '' from `` Carnival of the Animals , '' a favorite encore piece for cellists , with lovely , glossy tone and no bite .
Some dealers said that the market 's strong reaction to Wall Street reflects a general uneasiness about the dollar .
Net sank to $ 3.1 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 789,000 , or two cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward .
DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. , Maynard , Mass. , computer maker , annual sales of $ 12.7 billion , NYSE , had structural damage at its San Francisco sales office but no appreciable damage elsewhere in the area , including its Cupertino plant .
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
Dun & Bradstreet 's stock price began its recent spiral downward last Wednesday , when the company reported third-quarter results .
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image .
At Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 112.16 points to 35486.38 .
RJR Taps FCB\/Leber
Fees 1 3\/8 .
During his tenure , Mr. Corr attempted through a series of meetings to inform managers of some of the company 's future plans , traveled widely to talk to employees and backed training sessions designed to improve the carrier 's image .
The problem is that Mr. Icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring USX than Mr. Corry had planned .
Longer term , the impact is unclear .
Her story is becoming part of local folklore .
Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business .
Rivals carp at `` the principle of Pilson , '' as NBC 's Arthur Watson once put it -- `` he 's always expounding that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . ''
Some of the sales proceeds will go to the Design Industries Foundation for AIDS .
The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks , and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies .
Corporate leaders , frustrated by double-digit increases in health-care costs , are beginning to sound like liberal Democrats .
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment that President Bush sought to protect the U.S. flag from desecration .
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement .
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year .
The bureau 's report also showed that while some measures of the nation 's economic well-being improved modestly in 1988 , the fruits of prosperity were shared less equitably than the year before .
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 .
Stoneridge Resources Inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 .
Later , however , the company agreed to meet on Monday with the Seattle Professional Engineering Employees Association after a federal mediator intervened , according to the union .
They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - and moderate-income projects and funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for `` job retention '' in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for `` equipment and landscaping to deter crime and aid police surveillance '' at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for `` integrated urban data based in seven cities . '' No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library and recreation center at Mackinac Island , Mich .
Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc. , Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years .
Revenue rose 40 % to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion .
And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company .
The software company said revenue slid 28 % to $ 53.9 million .
The Red Cross has opened 30 shelters in the Bay area , serving 5,000 people .
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity .
Terms were n't disclosed .
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh .
Let the president demand strict new ethics rules : With four sitting House members accused of sexual misdeeds , amid the unfolding HUD scandal and after the Wright debacle , `` people are slightly dulled by scandal , '' says political humorist Art Buchwald .
Work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 971,000 in September , a drop of 2.1 % from the previous month .
The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow rather than Thursday , Nov. 2 , as originally planned .
Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders `` choice and value , '' said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd .
But they have no desire to eat a bowl of psyllium each morning , and , perhaps , little need : lean , frugal vegetarians , the farmers are innocents in the clogged , treacherous world of cholesterol .
The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit , acquired last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 .
Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer .
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said .
Backlog at General Dynamics rose to $ 16.5 billion from $ 15.8 billion .
The night the Germans occupied all of France , Baker performed in Casablanca .
`` The cost { of magnetic stimulators } would seem like peanuts if we could retrieve limb function '' in such people , Dr. Tator says .
Growth is good .
Silver 's history of volatility is also discouraging investors , dealers say .
The cats are fine , although nervous .
Market participants note that the mark continues to post heftier gains against its U.S. counterpart than any other major currency , particularly the yen .
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention .
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at a fixed 107 to yield 3.43 % .
Individuals and corporations , as well as dealers trading for their own account , actively bought Tuesday .
`` Warehouse productivity is really beginning to take off . ''
According to greenhouse theories , increased carbon dioxide emissions , largely caused by burning of fossil fuels , will cause the Earth to warm up because carbon dioxide prevents heat from escaping into space .
A revolution takes more than conference manifestos .
Mr. Tisch , a billionaire in hotels and finance , was just learning the TV business .
The shares were suspended from trading following disclosure of the Atlanta scandal ; Consob , the stock exchange regulatory body , reportedly will decide soon whether to end the trading suspension .
But he said JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France about some sort of cargo venture .
Miller Brewing Co. will introduce its first non-alcoholic beer Jan. 1 .
The dispute pits two groups of claimants against each other .
It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself , its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes .
The Democratic-controlled House , by a margin of 51 votes , failed to override President Bush 's veto of legislation renewing federal support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest .
We 're surprised .
The firm was indicted in Tampa , Fla. , on money-laundering charges .
Long tax-exempt dollar bonds were mostly flat to 3\/8 point lower after a whipsaw session of moving inversely to stocks in modest dealer-led trading .
Britain 's Serious Fraud Office said it will investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged phantom contracts at Ferranti International Signal PLC 's International Signal & Control unit .
`` People started wondering if something was wrong with him , '' Mr. Miranda recalls .
The same evening that he was summoned for a warning from the Party , he was cheered by thousands of his supporters at a rally of what can only be called the Korotich party .
William S. Leavitt , chairman , said Mr. Penn , 58 years old , would continue as a consultant and would work with the board in selecting a successor .
`` The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , '' complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist .
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .
There is no charge for research -- only for time on the phone .
Mr. Gatward has spent a lot of time since late September at MTM 's headquarters ; he eliminated three departments and fired six executives , according to the TVS spokesman .
The $ 75 million in paper money , although moldy , mildewy and smelly , was exchanged through the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia without incident .
As thanks , the egg industry tried to break him .
But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived .
The dam caused the water level to drop in Zalubice .
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills .
Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations .
`` We think there 's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market , '' said James E. Day , a First City vice president .
`` I do n't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now , '' he said .
Apple Computer , which reported lackluster earnings Friday , lost 1 1\/4 to 46 3\/4 on 1.1 million shares .
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago .
Industry executives said Philip Morris had asked the other agencies to create campaigns in a bid to stop the brand 's slipping market share .
`` We ca n't do without their help , '' says Mrs. Conradie .
Sen. Specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial committee that heard evidence in the Hastings case last summer .
Meanwhile , in the squat office buildings that ring Fashion Island , the odds are good that someone is getting fleeced .
`` We consider our internal controls to have worked well , '' she said , adding that some procedures have been strengthened .
However , Judge Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against civilians can not be defined as political acts .
Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards .
The IRA portion ( of the Packwood-Roth plan ) is irresponsible . ''
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks .
Mark Page , New York 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves . ''
Virginia Public School Authority -- $ 55.7 million of school financing bonds , 1989 Series B ( 1987 resolution ) , due 19912000 , 2005 and 2010 , through a BT Securities Corp. group .
In `` Wonderful Life : The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History '' ( Norton , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , Mr. Gould makes his case for `` the awesome improbability of human evolution . ''
`` I do n't know whether it was done properly or not , because I 'm not a lawyer , '' he said in a telephone interview yesterday .
Having donated heavily to museums , they demand a place on their boards .
Aside from the Soviet economic plight and talks on cutting strategic and chemical arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions .
Why the timidity ?
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects .
Some badly managed partnerships have burned investors , sometimes after they received advice from industry `` consultants . ''
Yields for taxable bonds range from 9 1\/8 % in 1994 to 9.90 % in 2009 and 2010 .
Private relief agencies , such as the Salvation Army and Red Cross , mobilized almost instantly to help people , while the Washington bureaucracy `` took hours getting into gear . ''
Your editorial was commendable and neatly matched by the readers ' comments in letters to the editor , `` Alar : Scaring on the Side of Caution . ''
Underclass neighborhoods offer relatively few employment opportunities , contributing to the poverty of local residents .
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken .
`` I have no regrets about going forward , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif. ) , who sought later to play down the sometimes hostile tone of the long evening meeting .
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings .
The entire division employs about 850 workers .
In another case , a protester , Ann O'Brien , was convicted of trespass before the Supreme Court 's Webster ruling .
No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first , so younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all .
Communist officials this month have faced nearly daily pro-democracy protests , accompanied by the flight to the West by thousands of East Germans .
COCOA :
It also inevitably leaves a residue of shareholder lawsuits .
In his affidavit , Mr. Yetnikoff accused Warner Chairman Steven J. Ross of having an `` antiSony , anti-Japanese bias '' and said that Mr. Ross had tried to talk him out of letting Sony buy CBS Records two years ago for that reason .
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares .
On Manic Monday , the volume of German shares traded in London more than tripled to 2.2 million , and the volume of French shares rose 48 % .
Executives who manage these funds see the current debate over program trading as a repeat of the concern expressed after the 1987 crash .
Even if not all these forces are committed to the regime , they are now dependent on it .
Shelly Lazarus , 42 , was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct , the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency .
Douglas Jones , an attorney representing Richard O. Kelly Sr. , the chairman and president of Capital Trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors .
Mr. Goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion and could reach $ 4 billion .
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Founders Asset Management Inc. also cut off brokerage firms that engage in program trading .
Despite the increase , the British currency slid below a perceived threshold of three marks early last week .
In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities and Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American , New York and Philadelphia stock exchanges and to the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding .
One of Lockheed 's most lucrative sectors -- accounting for more than half the aerospace company 's $ 10.59 billion in sales in 1988 -- the missiles and space group is the prime Pentagon contractor on the Trident II ballistic missile .
Inmac recently disclosed a $ 12.3 million write-off related to a corporate restructuring that resulted in the company 's posting a $ 6.4 million net loss for the year ended July 29 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 9.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share .
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week .
David Hubel , a Nobel laureate at Harvard , has taken the lead in defending research with animals , as has Dr. Michael DeBakey .
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan .
Factory output dropped 0.2 % , its first decline since February , after having been unchanged in October .
`` When someone says , ` I 've turned to God , ' everybody lays off , '' observes Frank Mankiewicz , an old Washington hand and former aide to Robert Kennedy .
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said .
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company .
The dollar dropped .
The new candy bars , `` make an important contribution to our Nestle Foods commitment to this very important strategic unit , '' said C. Alan MacDonald , president of Nestle Foods in Purchase , N.Y .
Karen Nichols , senior associate at Michael Graves 's architecture firm in Princeton , N.J. , says : `` We 're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily . ''
The action follows Federal Express Corp. 's acquisition of Flying Tiger Line Inc. in August .
The proposal has set off a lively debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with .
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland .
Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts .
El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in Texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % .
`` You see some improvement in these other areas , but it 's a very small and slow process . ''
Cray Research Inc. forecast that 1990 will be a no-growth year for its supercomputer line .
ONEIDA Ltd. declared a 10 % stock dividend , payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 17 .
The September decline followed an even steeper drop of 6.2 % in August and left housing starts at their weakest since October 1982 , when the country was nearing the end of a recession .
That individual was n't identified .
`` We are n't looking at anything like a doomsday scenario , '' he says .
And Navigation Mixte has a huge hidden attraction .
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets .
Their verdict on real estate is almost the same .
The Treasury said it wo n't be able to honor reinvestment requests from holders of bills maturing Nov. 2 held in the Treasury 's book-entry system .
Some people familiar with the situation believe that the collapse of the previous $ 6.79 billion buy-out , if anything , may have strengthened the hands of these two labor groups .
Strategy , however , is about possibilities , not hopes and dreams .
As part of its national ad pitch , Brooks Brothers will show less preppy women 's clothes , moving away from its floppy-tie business stereotype .
`` But my daughter could n't , until she was too ill to take it .
Diane Seaman , an NBC-TV vice president , says NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time .
No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently .
For several months , there was optimism all around .
With the acquisition , Monogram , Blue Ash , Ohio , has more than 2.4 million total accounts , GE Capital added .
Officials said South Korea 's trade surplus with the U.S. for the first nine months of the year totaled $ 3.49 billion , down 43 % from the same period last year on a customs-clearance basis .
The key corporate news of the day was that British Airways decided to withdraw from a management-led bid for UAL Corp. , the parent of United Airlines .
Of some 160 switches in Pacific Bell 's network , only four went down .
The water destroyed about $ 75 million in currency and caked $ 4 million of coins with mud , rendering them dangerous to counting machines .
Instead , they were pressured by Pakistan 's ISI , the channel for their support , into attacking Jalalabad .
And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments .
The amendment is aimed at skirting a Supreme Court ruling that threw out the conviction of a Texas flag-burner on grounds that his freedom of speech was violated .
An investigation by U.S. Postal inspectors is continuing .
Given the structure of most credit programs , it is surprising that default rates are not even higher .
He is n't convinced , though , that the price decline reflects falling demand because the world economy remains relatively strong .
Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend .
The new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 7.74 % .
`` They will do it every chance they get , '' said one program-trading executive .
Salespeople also could get a precise reading on when products could be delivered -- in much the same way that Federal Express has marketed its ability to tell exactly where a package is in the delivery system .
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .
The median price of homes is $ 547,000 ; more than 9,000 vessels fill what the chamber of commerce calls the nation 's largest pleasure-boat harbor .
Kwek Hong Png , chairman of CDL , and director Quek Leng Chye were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night .
In addition to owning HBO , with 22 million subscribers , Time Warner separately operates cable-TV system serving about 5.6 million cable-TV subscribers .
The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , H.H. Robertson closed at $ 11.625 , up 62.5 cents .
`` But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way .
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points .
For example , `` market-on-close orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange .
If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels .
They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry , state or country .
As the Met discovered years ago following a belated December opening , it is nearly impossible to recapture subscribers once they have had time to ponder their entertainment choices .
But Peter Brody , Magnascreen 's president , says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use , just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording .
Aside from working with Mr. Robinson on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years , Mr. Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Mr. Robinson .
And National Advanced Systems , a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. and General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year .
With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said .
When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes , he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority .
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales .
GTE officials began posting warning notices about the potential threat to exposure Wednesday morning at various places at the company , said GTE spokesman Thomas Mattausch .
It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters .
On an office wall of the Senate intelligence committee hangs a quote from Chairman David Boren , `` Do n't hold your ticket 'til the show 's over . ''
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early .
The earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco .
Instead , even with the liabilities of two natural disasters in recent weeks , analysts said the total capital of the industry is likely to be higher at year end than it was at midyear .
The president of Herzog , Heine , Mr. Geduld expects the market to be `` very choppy '' for a while .
The first part , consisting of $ 2.5 million of 11 1\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1990 , was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75 % .
The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded as livestock traders shook off fears that the Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending , which in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork .
DESPITE VICTORIES this year , small business fears losing parental-leave war .
In the House-passed tax bill , Mr. Thevenot got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision .
When the motorist returned to his car he could turn the card off and , if it showed time remaining , save it for later .
Traders said yesterday 's rally was fueled by insurance companies looking for bargains after a drastic slide in prices the past month .
If you bought , you wish you had n't , and if you sold , you wish you had n't . ''
Plugging a cheaper college into the formulas still does n't generate an installment most people can live with .
A year later , she moved to the commercial property claims division .
The spokesman said the vote at Sochaux is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company 's assembly plant at Mulhouse , where the number of strikers has been whittled down to 80 .
Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman .
But it has been an open question whether Mr. Sikes , an extraordinarily cautious man , would continue pushing deregulation at the FCC in the face of what is likely to be great political pressure .
Both companies stress that employees know they are being recorded and that customer conversations are n't taped .
Average daily trading volume : 344,354 shares
Jim Beam print ads , however , strike different chords in different countries .
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure .
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier .
Supporting prices was the announcement late Friday of additional grain sales to the Soviet Union .
GTE said net income rose 18 % , aided by higher long-distance calling volumes and an increase in telephone lines in service .
The bonds ended about 1\/2 point higher yesterday .
The paper said the bricks were used to build homes and furnaces and , as a result , the wall `` is in terrible shape .
Cable & Wireless benefited from a market squeeze , bouncing 13 to 498 in moderately active volume .
Since the real estate unit also includes debt , the imputed value of the real estate itself is close to $ 3 billion .
He believes in what he plays , and he plays superbly .
According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month .
I take advantage of this opportunity given to me by The Wall Street Journal to make a plea to the millions of readers of this newspaper , to become soldiers dedicated to the fight against the use of drugs .
But the technology , while reliable , is far slower than the widely used hard drives .
New York City --
`` What good is having health insurance , '' she asked , `` when it 's so expensive that it becomes impossible to keep after only one major claim ?
By 1979 , designers and engineers at Dictaphone , a Pitney Bowes subsidiary , had produced a working model of a `` picocassette '' recorder .
To some mothers , the expected FDA action is a poignant reminder of what might have been .
Sheldon B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker .
Tom Herman contributed to this article .
TED BUNDY'S LAWYERS switch to victims ' side in death-sentence case .
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill .
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch .
The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics .
Two of Japan 's largest paper manufacturers , Oji Paper Co. and Jujo Paper Co. , posted unconsolidated pretax profit gains from a year earlier for the first half ended Sept. 30 , on continuing robust domestic demand for paper products .
Meanwhile , a number of top sales producers from Integrated Resources Equity will meet this afternoon in Chicago to discuss their options .
In what amounts to an admission that the transition has n't gone as smoothly as Sears had hoped , the giant retailer is now trying new ways to drum up business without appearing to abandon its seven-month-old strategy .
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines .
Mr. Sloan plans to remain on the board until his current term expires in April 1991 , a Lance spokesman said .
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % .
Mr. Lesko , who is making the rules as he goes , has determined that bureaucrats are eligible for nomination by other bureaucrats .
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug .
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer .
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times .
The offering is scheduled to expire on Nov. 30 .
If the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond .
Known as Easy Eggs , the product has disappointed investors .
Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales .
But Mr. Mahe adds , `` The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side . ''
They and other top executives signed long-term employment contracts and Mr. Della Femina will receive an additional multimillion-dollar sum , which some industry executives pegged at about $ 10 million .
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime .
Given their own penchant for book writing , it is surprising that none of the masters of scandal survival have yet published a guide to the art .
The resulting # 1.9 billion merchandise trade deficit was partly offset by an assumed surplus of # 300 million in so-called invisible items , which include income from investments , services and official transfers .
`` We 've seen continued improvement in 1989 , '' she said .
About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a `` seething mass , '' as one trader described it .
Congress temporarily halted Mr. Thornburgh 's effort with an appropriation resolution that prohibited him from using budgeted funds to implement his plan .
According to several people present at the meeting , Mr. Gorbachev also supported the idea of concluding several commercial accords with the U.S. , possibly at his next summit meeting with President Bush .
Commercial paper holders have reinvested their funds , he said , and consumer deposits have been up in the last few days .
In addition , Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America .
`` We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient .
`` To make the venture work , they would need Fox affiliates , '' he said .
Searle , a unit of Monsanto Co. , said the `` beta-blocker '' high-blood-pressure drug Kerlone is the first product to reach the market through Lorex Pharmaceuticals , the U.S. company jointly owned by Searle and Synthelabo , a French pharmaceutical concern owned by France 's L'Oreal S.A .
The pact calls for the Times to pay dealers $ 3.6 million over six years , as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years , based on the number of `` new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures , '' the Times said .
He figures P&G will expand its personal-care product line in Japan to `` continue that momentum . ''
For Ms. Bogart , who initially studied and directed in Germany ( and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences ) tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not .
Ryder System Inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 27.6 million , because of an expected $ 57 million after-tax charge and continued weakness in the company 's truck-rental business .
The executive producer of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Andrew Lack , declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or his show , in particular .
We could still have a recession '' at some point .
The limited partners include insurance companies , financial institutions and individual investors .
If earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock .
The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself .
Marks & Spencer plans to open roughly 18 more U.S. stores in the next five years .
`` My God and I know I am correct and innocent .
At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution .
Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action .
The Bonanza franchise system , which generates about $ 600 million in sales annually , represented substantially all of the partnership 's assets .
( In the past two years , the stock almost stalled out .
At the same time , Westinghouse hopes its venture with Mitsubishi will help fend off growing competition , particularly in the U.S. , from such European competitors as Asea Brown Boveri AG , Siemens AG , and British General Electric Co .
At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte , Calif. , customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system .
Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co .
But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies .
Excluding earnings from discontinued operations a year earlier , net fell only 2 % .
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states .
Beverly Hills Comes To Suburban Tokyo
Grupo Desc , a big conglomerate , has long depended on Pemex petrochemicals to produce plastic packing material .
It is an independent phone company with a service area of 15,000 square miles in southwest New Mexico .
The London-based concern will sell most of its ad unit to France 's Eurocom .
Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit .
Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe , rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand .
Among Pacific markets , prices closed lower in Sydney , Seoul , Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore and Wellington .
After the collapse of the last effort , the group does n't plan to make any formal proposal without binding commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed .
Japan 's steelmakers are raising capital spending 22 % this year to $ 4.8 billion .
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope .
Sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities .
Share earnings are reported on a fully diluted basis , by company tradition .
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise .
Did I buy it ?
`` Obviously , a diversified portfolio would have less risk , '' the person close to the trust says .
But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices .
If it finds one of those passwords , Mr. Alexander said , the worm will do such things as change users ' passwords to a series of random numbers , preventing them from signing on to the network .
`` I know it 's not over , '' a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio .
Of course , Mr. Wolf , 48 years old , has some savings .
In its report to Congress on international economic policies , the Treasury said that any improvement in the broadest measure of trade , known as the current account , `` is likely at best to be very modest , '' and `` the possibility of deterioration in the current account next year can not be excluded . ''
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
The sporty coupe foundered in part because American buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual double-wing rear spoiler .
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion .
Independent providers of financial information , including Quotron , have been under some pressure as the major securities houses try to regain their hold on the production of market data and on the related revenue .
He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other .
Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices , the company said .
Following Mr. Linh 's appointment as secretary-general of the party at the sixth congress , Mrs. Thi has become the darling of `` doi moi '' , the Vietnamese version of perestroika .
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd .
Its capital will also be raised to 232.4 billion lire ( $ 172.5 million ) from the current 204.3 billion lire .
But reform has n't taken hold yet .
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
He was a `` socialist warrior '' who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state .
She said that impact ca n't be reasonably assessed yet .
I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others .
I was in the Berkeley Main library when it hit .
Municipal Issues
The new firm , Hutton Ingram Yuzek Gainen Carroll & Bertolotti , will be based in New York .
During the past administration the foodstuffs were first bought by the institute , then sold at low prices to `` unscrupulous businessmen '' who resold them to the institute at inflated prices , the statement said .
As long as we believe that all Americans , of every race and ethnic background , have common interests and can live together cooperatively , our political map should reflect our belief .
But by 3:15 p.m. , with the market comfortably ahead for the day , Mr. Sherman was preparing to undo his switch .
BIGGER THAN A BREADBOX was this cash hoarder 's reputation for honesty .
Greg Davies , Central Fund 's vice president , finance , said losses for the fiscal year ending Oct. 31 could be as high as one million Canadian dollars ( US$ 852,000 ) .
Unocal said it expects to complete the sale of its Unocal Norge A\/S unit by next March or April .
Stock prices edged up in quiet trading Friday .
I suspect I may be one of the few people to have read them all .
This market teaches us to be humble . ''
Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent .
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
The trade group official added : `` Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . ''
The 658 Chinese , who have been in a refugee-assistance center , were sent to immigration facilities yesterday pending deportation to China , the official said .
It was `` the Soviets ' Vietnam . ''
Federal 's employees work long hours and seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock .
`` We have previously had discussions with representatives of Pinkerton 's Inc. concerning the { sale of the company } and we concluded that we did not have liability under the contract , '' says American Brands .
Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include Dillard Department Stores Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Limited Inc .
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures .
Mr. Bryant and other analysts hope all those moves will combine to help Tandy 's results improve in the important Christmas quarter .
Also , the TW offering includes interest-deferred and pay-in-kind securities , which are currently unpopular .
Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes and dislikes .
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state .
Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son and the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase , but he says it most likely will use debt .
`` Magazines could , like other brands , find that they have only a limited life . ''
Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders and created confusion among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market .
While supporting the Commonwealth `` in utterly condemning apartheid , '' her statement urged it to `` encourage change '' rather than inflict further punishment on the country 's black population .
Rep. Bates said he would write the letters as ordered .
Unfortunately , the comment was buried in another article , so it could not stand out in an education context .
Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift .
Increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative .
d - Percent change greater than 999 % .
Revenue increased 20 % to $ 246.6 million from $ 204.8 million .
The media , she says , have distorted his personal life .
The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale , failed to disclose pending lawsuits and material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default , had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name and trademark in the United Kingdom and did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies .
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods .
Coke introduced a caffeine-free sugared cola based on its original formula in 1983 .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .
Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , `` It would n't surprise me if { Jaguar executives } want to wait and see what the color of that { Ford bid } is '' first .
Revenue grew 13 % to $ 734.8 million from $ 650.9 million .
Colleagues today recall with some humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals .
The transaction will take place tomorrow .
`` I think it 's on the way back now .
But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does .
1:00 a.m .
Mr. Icahn , the company 's deep-pocketed , tenacious adversary , recently disclosed that he had raised his USX stake to 13.1 % , and he again threatened a takeover .
Your hypothetical investor is simply being compensated for taking on this added risk .
Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said .
Just when American liberalism had pulled the arms plug on the Contras and their friend Ronald Reagan , along comes Mr. Ortega in Costa Rica this weekend to `` blunder '' into the hands of what are often called conservatives .
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations .
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ?
The Financial Times 100-share index finished 10.6 points higher at 2189.7 .
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more .
Eventually , Mr. Postel broke his toe in the dark .
It scared brokers , but most survived .
Duck swarms .
`` We regret very much that the mayor of San Francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city , '' Mr. Fitzwater said .
It could easily be two years before the well-traveled artery that helps connect Oakland with San Francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 250 million , said Charles J. O'Connell , deputy district director in Los Angeles of the California Department of Transportation , nicknamed Caltrans .
One plaintiff , a doctor , testified in an affidavit that he also gave Mr. Peterson $ 50,000 to join a sort of investment club which essentially gave the physician `` the privilege of making additional investments '' with Mr. Peterson .
No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... .
Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out .
Great Northern Nekoosa said , `` The odds of the dire predictions about us being right are small . ''
`` It made our New Year , '' says Mr. Quinlan .
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at an indicated 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed .
But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam .
Revenue was C$ 291.6 million , up from C$ 252 million in 1988 .
`` We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , '' Mr. Unruh said .
`` Who would bid against Paribas ? ''
Revenue rose 11 % to $ 4.56 billion from $ 4.12 billion .
Last week , Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups .
Mr. Phelan has n't been making public remarks in recent days , and many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role on the program trading issue .
If conservatives do n't support an increase in the IMF 's capital , then it is incumbent on them to speak up now and explain the alternative .
Bond investors paid close attention to comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan , who was testifying before a congressional hearing , but were n't able to extract many clues about the future course of the Fed 's monetary policy .
Instead , it seems to be using foreign pressure and even the trade conflict to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries .
Employees of the Globe and Mail , a Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto , voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike at Canada 's leading daily .
No one expects minimills to eclipse major integrated steelmakers , who remain the undisputed kings of highest-quality steel used for autos and refrigerators .
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday , averting a strike by most employees of Canada 's largest daily newspaper .
An outstanding issue in yesterday 's session was Mitsubishi Rayon , which surged 95 to 905 yen ( $ 6.34 ) a share .
`` The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , '' says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago .
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities .
The average accepted yield bid was 9.617 % for a price equivalent of 98.523 .
Corning Inc. posted a 38 % decline in third-quarter net income to $ 76.5 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 123.9 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a year earlier .
Most have read the pre-trial documents , however , and estimate Kodak will be ordered to pay $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents .
Capital has been democratized , and people want in .
The Amira transaction is typical of the way venture-capital firms are approaching the task of commercializing biotechnology research .
Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement `` that could make long-term business sense to both parties . ''
A final agreement has not been signed , and the moves will not have a material effect on the company , Gillette said .
The mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 .
No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending for domestic programs and , apart from the space station , the measure incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship .
The 45-year-old Mr. Giuliani has run a negative campaign to pick up votes leaning to Mr. Dinkins .
The Fossett firm had some losses and liquidity problems during the October 1987 crash as well , Mr. Rawls said .
Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too .
You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million .
1 . To some extent the Federal Reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output .
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company .
Wells Fargo & Co. of San Francisco posted a 17 % jump .
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government .
The highlight : a `` fragrance control system . ''
For instance , he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party .
To argue that this is `` not likely '' to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense .
He waits to talk about it until after he gets caught . ''
The electronics , automotive and aerospace concern said third-quarter net was $ 60 million , or 98 cents a share , down from $ 68 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .
Total operating expenses increased 3.5 % to $ 2.78 billion from $ 2.69 billion .
When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way .
Except for insurance , however , ITT said it expects improved operating earnings `` in all of our businesses for the full year . ''
Local law enforcement is present in a sub-station occupying space donated by the center .
The percentage change is since year-end .
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans .
The September figures are due to be released this week .
`` The interest-rate sensitives are n't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the ( Federal Reserve ) will do , '' Mr. Jennison said .
Except for the loss from the hurricane , all the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation .
On Farmers , Mr. Prideaux said it is too early to quantify the level of potential claims .
Some companies , including Heinz , even pay part of the fee .
Even Drexel is pulling back .
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. -- 13 million common shares , via Merrill Lynch .
Julie Amparano Lopez in Philadelphia also contributed to this article .
a - Discounted rate .
On Friday , the firms filed a suit against West Virginia in New York state court asking for a declaratory judgment absolving them of liability .
At the same time , the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism .
For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker , who had led East Germany for 18 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same cloth : Egon Krenz , the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege .
George Jennison , who trades bank stocks for Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the stocks tend to fall behind because they are n't traded as much as many other issues .
The once-staid steel industry is about to be turned topsy-turvy by a 1990s technology revolution .
`` Emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in America for years , they 've been neglected , '' he said , and their prices often trail the market as a whole .
Compared with the first nine months of last year , average franchisee store sales this year were down nearly $ 3,200 , reflecting a fierce discounting war among fast-food chains .
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk .
The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said .
`` This is a very tenacious ghost , '' Mr. Warren says darkly .
Above all , though , conservative Republicans who have championed both the Contras and SDI are reluctant to attack a Republican president for failing to do more -- though that reluctance may be receding .
But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken .
Delmed said yesterday that Fresenius USA would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels .
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm .
With newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash , all sectors of our society and all types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources .
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash .
Stanley Aslanian , the Haas broker who agreed to carry a hidden microphone during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities violations in the stock manipulation and agreed to cooperate .
That was borne out by the Justice Department 's decision '' to settle the case .
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement .
While not as brand loyal as in the past , consumers today do n't buy products capriciously , either .
Program trading on the New York Stock Exchange in September rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume .
Dreyfus moved to the $ 1 price after the SEC set standards -- an average 120-day maturity of high-grade paper -- that are still the rule .
`` Over the past three and a half years , apparel companies , many of whom have strong brand names , have been bought at about 60 % of sales , '' says Deborah Bronston , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. apparel analyst .
Two years of coddling , down the drain .
This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green .
`` We are stewards here , not of the mortgage companies , but the taxpayers , '' said the Texas Republican .
Last year , Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice John P. Flaherty called Mr. O'Kicki one of the finest judges `` not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States . ''
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
Mr. Krenz may need a bit of time to consolidate his empire , which would do a lot to promote Reunification Scenario One .
Since all four Republicans on the committee are co-sponsors of my bill , it is the Democrats who will be held fully accountable if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor .
He believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty .
`` We were just beginning to look at the increase in IPOs , seeing the light at the end of the tunnel , '' says Frank Kline Jr. , partner in Lambda Funds , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , venture capital concern .
Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds .
Mr. Icahn advocates the sale of the company 's steel operations , and Mr. Corry does n't necessarily disagree .
In the first nine months , 1,977 transactions were announced , up 15 % from 1,716 in the year-earlier period .
Once his cuckoo 's egg was laid , he could enter Unix and become a `` super-user , '' with access to everything .
Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said .
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater , confirming comments made this week by Vice President Dan Quayle , said Mr. Bush is `` interested '' in finding a suitable test case .
The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said .
In a speech given Friday but released late Monday , Bundesbank Vice President Helmut Schlesinger suggested that it was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle .
Daily output is expected to decline by at least another 500,000 barrels next year .
Officials said South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3 % to $ 3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17 % to $ 2.61 billion .
Some become pseudo-lobbyists .
The reactions stem from the fact that the vaccine contains multiple copies of the whole Bordetella pertussis bacterium , which causes whooping cough .
At 13,000 feet , the engines restarted .
But no matter how much Japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie .
`` I 'll find out , eventually , who pushed the state police buttons into action . ''
Following the impeachment conviction , Dr. Benjamin Hooks , executive director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , issued a restrained statement , warning that the Hastings case could set a `` dangerous precedent , '' but adding , `` We must respect the considered judgment of the Senate .
One of Dun & Bradstreet 's chief businesses is compiling reports that rate the credit-worthiness of millions of American companies .
The first part , consisting of $ 2 billion of bonds due Oct. 1 , 2019 , with a five-year non-call provision , was priced as 8 3\/4 % securities at 96.808 to yield 9.06 % .
`` In the first hour , the real nervous folks came along , '' a spokesman said .
Under a program approved by the company in 1987 that did n't specify a share amount , Nashua had purchased 481,000 shares through Sept. 29 .
Even before British Air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in Chicago yesterday to consider their options .
Hercules dropped 2 5\/8 to 41 3\/4 on one million shares -- about six times its average daily trading volume -- after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report .
He succeeds as president , Don Freeberg , who remains chairman and chief executive officer .
A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm .
Shipments have run well ahead of 1988 all year , as machine tool builders produce against relatively good backlogs .
Imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax .
Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ; and that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social and environmental concerns .
But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 .
Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight .
Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban .
HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans .
With no floor debate , the Senate on Friday voted 69-26 to convict Mr. Hastings of perjury and conspiring to accept a bribe , five votes more than needed .
In another , she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $ 10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet .
USX Corp. said it delayed the proposed initial public offering of common stock of RMI Titanium Co. because of market conditions .
The court , agreeing with pipeline companies , found the March 31 deadline was `` arbitrary and capricious '' and `` highly prejudicial to the bargaining power of pipelines '' that were forced to negotiate settlement of the old take-or-pay contracts to meet the deadline .
Bethlehem said earlier this year that it planned to restructure the BethForge division to improve its cost structure .
George Goodwin , an account manager at Royal Bank of Canada , adapted a Lotus Development Corp. program called Agenda to sort through international news wires .
Despite the absence of samovars ( and a tendency to turn the furniture upside down ) , the production is rich in Russian ennui voiced by languorous folk sporting beige linen and rumpled cotton , with boaters and fishing poles aplenty .
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta .
General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks .
Proponents of expanding FHA programs say they merely want to help home buyers who are frozen out of high-priced markets .
Together with two existing plants in the U.S. , Furukawa said it will expand its current local monthly production of memory disks to 1.4 million sheets from 800,000 .
The Cambodian horror was so bad that the Vietnamese occupation in 1978 was a perverse form of relief .
In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons .
The lack of a strong product at the high end of Digital 's line was a significant drag on sales .
Energy
Hawker Siddeley Group PLC , a U.K. engineering company , reported a 16 % jump in pretax profit for the six-month period ending June 30 .
Prudential-Bache 's Mr. Rodgers said he does n't see the industry 's capacity-expansion program hindering takeover activity .
K mart tested the warehouse-club sector last year with its acquisition of a 51 % interest in Makro Inc .
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 .
But the agency has n't yanked psyllium off store shelves .
She thinks traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35 .
American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe , officials announced yesterday .
The 20-stock MMI mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
A spokesman said that neither Mr. Fireman nor Mr. LaBonte would be available for comment .
For the 264 insolvent thrifts under government management at the end of August , assets declined by $ 3.3 billion and withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 1.2 billion .
`` The ANC wo n't be stopped until there is a provision for black aspirations , '' says Mr. Verwoerd .
An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up frogs , Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things . ''
The official stressed that the PLO has n't rejected the five-point formula .
Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $ 1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding , and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total .
The rest , as they say , is history .
SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons , the Centers for Disease Control discovers ... .
No cholesterol , of course .
I was struck a couple of years ago by the drug-interdiction effort in the Bahamas .
The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share .
Archive attributed the gains to strong demand for its products , continued growth of the reseller market and the acquisition of Maynard Electronics in February , which accounted for about 14 % of the company 's revenue .
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says .
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) .
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees .
Contel Corp. said third-quarter net income increased 16 % to $ 72 million , or 45 cents a share , from $ 62 million , or 39 cents a share , as a result of strong growth in telephone-access lines and long-distance minutes of use .
CBS may remain a distant No. 3 in that regard .
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies .
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % .
They commonly give two scenarios : One is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 4 % to 4.5 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 8.5 % or more .
Among the defendants are Mr. Boesky ; the now-defunct Ivan F. Boesky & Co. ; Mr. Boesky 's main underwriter , Drexel Burnham ; and Cambrian & General Securities PLC , a British investment fund once controlled by Mr. Boesky .
Despite the inflation news , several Fed officials still fear consumer-price pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed .
The mission will visit Poland from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 , the White House said .
The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 .
New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10 % of revenue from insuring affiliated companies .
That ship , which would carry about 2,050 passengers , would expand the capacity of Carnival 's existing 14-ship fleet by 24 % .
Compaq , which said it discovered the bugs , still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6 .
`` I 'm not saying London covered itself in glory , but the events of the past week have certainly exposed Europe 's weaknesses , '' says Stewart Gilchrist , a director of Scottish Amicable Investment Managers in Glasgow , Scotland , which manages about # 6 billion ( $ 9.63 billion ) in institutional money .
He puts OPEC 's current capacity at 28 million to 29 million barrels a day .
It may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far .
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said .
Each had claimed Allianz , Europe 's largest insurance company , as a tacit ally .
The sale of the system has been challenged in a class-action suit on behalf of unit holders filed last week in a Delaware court , USACafes said .
However , Harry Millis , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland , said Goodyear 's results `` fell at the bottom '' of his range of estimates .
But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session .
In addition , the directors said if a bid by Mr. Drabinsky is successful , Cineplex expects Rank Organisation PLC to acquire the 51 % of Cineplex 's Film House unit it does n't own , and provide Mr. Drabinsky with additional loan financing .
They were 103 or 206 .
But in Epinal , a gray 16th-century river town adjacent to France 's Vosges mountain region , none of these Yankee-come-lately enthusiasms for things aloft was evident .
`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price .
If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest .
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 .
Terms have n't been finalized , but the transaction is expected to close by year end , Pacific First said .
There are also indications that the number of magazine entrepreneurs , traditionally depended upon to break new ground with potentially risky start-ups , are dwindling .
Georgia-Pacific 's Mr. Hahn said that a combined operation would allow savings in many ways .
Before its shares were suspended from trading , Qintex Australia plunged to 16 Australian cents ( 12 U.S. cents ) a share yesterday from 33 Australian cents Friday .
`` In some industries , like pharmaceuticals , acquisitions make sense . ''
Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively .
He wo n't for long , because his old state sources of rye and potatoes are drying up .
Mr. Rogers , 60 years old , succeeds J.V. White , 64 , who will remain chairman and chairman of the executive committee .
The problem : They 're saddled with huge plants that require costly maintenance .
`` The ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , '' Mr. Vinson has written .
Mr. Utsumi also said some Japanese banks were willing to participate in the UAL financing up to the very end , which would suggest at the very least that they were n't under orders to back out .
It added that no discussions about such a sale are under way .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months .
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising .
But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism .
James A. Toney , a vice president , sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28 .
Network-access revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 6.4 % to $ 618.6 million .
Sorting out the wreckage is expected to take several days .
Sierra has been instrumental in securing a number of the California bans .
Anton Amon and George Gourlay were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company .
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down .
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period .
So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world .
Separately , a federal judge hearing Mr. Hunt 's bankruptcy case yesterday turned down a proposed $ 65.7 million settlement between Mr. Hunt and Minpeco S.A. , another major creditor in the case .
Individuals close to the situation believe Ford officials will seek a meeting this week with Sir John to outline their proposal for a full bid .
The company also was hurt by a $ 289 million rate reduction that went into effect in 1989 .
Meanwhile , as the Sunday evening show struggles to stay afloat against the tough competition of `` Murder , She Wrote , '' the grapevine idea is threatening to turn into a weed : The tactic apparently has inspired sample viewings , but accolades are slow in coming .
Now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped .
It was therefore not surprising that close allies of the U.S. , virtually neglected by the Bush administration , ordered the Nicaraguan insurgents dismantled by December , long before the elections .
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year .
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities .
But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the `` new urgency '' is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring .
People also should n't invest money in stocks that they 'll need in the near future -- for example , for college tuition payments or retirement expenses .
ADN said Mr. Honecker , a hard-line Stalinist who in 1961 supervised the construction of the Berlin Wall , also was relieved of his title as head of state and his position as chief of the military .
While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now , I do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . ''
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A .
Not all of NASA 's space-science work will be so auspicious , though .
That may leave a lot of leeway for U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland to decide what , if anything , the pilots actually collect .
That 's good news for marketers of walking shoes .
`` General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods .
( Mr. Garrison notes , however , that the Garfield tomb is one of the nation 's premier examples of Romanesque architecture . )
European multinationals do likewise ; even in America , their affiliates are usually run by American managers .
America 's financial markets do not yet have all the required modern features required to make them fully `` aftershock-resistant . ''
The president also hinted he might veto this year 's intelligence authorization bill if it is too restrictive .
`` This is a time of self-criticism to discover what is wrong with us , '' he said .
There is an element of make-work involved .
For now , the union issue is the most nettlesome of Federal 's Tiger problems , management believes .
In an international buying spree that began barely two years ago , Mr. Paul amassed a collection of about 30 pre-18th-century works , including the Preti , at a total cost of $ 28 million .
For $ 15 , they can enjoy their own nightly entertainment , with dinner , without mom and dad .
Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , say there are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings .
I have n't seen or talked to him in several years . ''
Its cash-or-shares bid values Navigation Mixte at about 22.82 billion francs ( $ 3.62 billion ) , making this one of France 's largest-ever attempted takeovers .
Buying 51 % of Rockefeller Group Inc. is right up Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's alley in one sense : The huge Japanese real estate company is entering a long-term relationship with a similarly conservative U.S. owner of tony urban property .
From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures .
Thus , any machine that breaks large amounts of eggs at once has the potential to spread salmonella if a bad egg gets in with the good ones .
Proceeds will be used to commercialize recently patented technology and support the company 's international expansion .
`` You 've got some minds here that wo n't think progressively , '' he says .
Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services .
Despite seeing his plan for Israeli-Palestinian elections wither , the cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation .
`` You just do n't see a whole lot happening , '' says an international economist .
And it is n't even clear that some pork-barrel projects can be hit with a line-item veto because they tend to be listed in informal conference reports accompanying spending bills rather than in the official bills themselves .
Advertisers already are balking at higher prices .
Nevertheless , he said , he is negotiating with Plant Genetic to acquire the technology to try breeding hybrid cotton .
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother , Jack , who fancies himself the rebellious artist ; he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs , who climbs down the fire escape .
Lebanon 's Gen. Aoun placed Christian military forces on alert in case of renewed fighting with Syrian-backed Moslems after Lebanon 's two main Shiite militias rejected an Arab-sponsored peace accord .
Under a separate arrangement , British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. , and Renault 's truck-building subsidiary Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France .
Enforcers ca n't put charities out of business simply because they spend the lion 's share of their income on fund raising .
Yields on money-market deposits were unchanged at an average 6.96 % for $ 50,000 and less and down just a hundredth of a percentage point to 7.41 % for jumbo deposits .
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA-insured loans .
In New York Stock Exchange trading Friday , Conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents .
Sea Containers plans to sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 each .
Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 2.12 million ) , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia .
Mr. Kuehn , the company said , will retain the rest of the current management team .
The stock fell 3 1\/4 to 73 1\/4 on 3.4 million shares .
If bringing the message is a crime , I 'm guilty of it . ''
`` What you 'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish , '' predicts Woolworth 's Mr. Sells .
Mr. Peterson says the suits against him are less a measure of his work than they are a `` sign of the times '' in which people generally are more prone to sue .
Other furriers have also benefited from leathers .
Only 2 % are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories , and no one is loyal for more than 20 types of products .
In an interview , he said Fannie Mae faces a number of challenges with the restructuring of the thrift industry and the push to broaden its activities overseas .
This conclusion , he said , restored the credibility of Tokyo stocks .
But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors .
All of the companies are units of Panhandle Eastern Corp. , which acquired Texas Eastern Corp. earlier this year .
In the Senate , Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months .
It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies .
This fall , Ford introduced only one new product : A restyled version of its hulking Lincoln Town Car luxury model .
Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies .
Mr. Marous said the business will achieve higher sales this year than the company 's target goal of 8.5 % .
Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy .
In the aforementioned episode of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle .
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate .
But , he continues , `` They 're forgetting we 're all Texans .
One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build .
Sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Unless he closes the gap , Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month .
Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year .
Jeffrey , Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers .
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled .
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted .
Ms. Heller , 38 , had headed up Boston agency Heller\/Breene , a unit of WCRS .
It was a nightmare , '' says Susan Noble , an investment manager at Robert Fleming Holdings Ltd. 's International Investment Management unit in London .
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly characterless , traders said .
While rights fees head skyward , ad rates wo n't .
But GM officials said they , too , were surprised by the move , which left them to `` consider all our options and explore matters further . ''
I 've learned one thing from candidates , A technique so deftly done : If a question ca n't be answered , Strongly answer an unasked one !
The commission found that if the British government attempted to block the merger , Rhone-Poulenc would likely respond by closing the salicylates plant Monsanto operates in Wales , removing the matter from U.K. jurisdiction .
The plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which Mr. Boesky and his partnerships were dealing .
Also , rather than increase supplies , they reduce them and encourage hoarding .
First Boston , whose holding company , CS First Boston Group , is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on Wall Street , said it is also concerned that once the SEC has the power to monitor holding companies , it will try to regulate their activities .
OPPENHEIMER CAPITAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP increased the quarterly distribution to 40 cents a limited partnership unit from 36.25 cents .
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . ''
Still , analysts believe that profit margins in the potato business will be down again this year .
Combined with recalculations and revisions in other trade areas , the value of U.S. net exports that had not previously been recorded was about $ 20 billion a year .
As larger companies increasingly self-insure , or use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills , the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them .
`` In the past , you just wore Fruit of the Loom and did n't care , '' says Peter Kim , U.S. director of consumer behavior research for the J. Walter Thompson ad agency .
In the first nine months , net rose 21 % to $ 93 million , or $ 4.52 a share , from $ 77 million , or $ 3.62 a share a year ago .
Rumors that Unilever is interested in acquiring Schering-Plough Corp. 's Maybelline unit are widespread .
Revenue : $ 899.6 million
`` All this may not be obvious to the public , which is concerned about advances in treatment , but I am convinced this basic research will begin showing results there soon . ''
Changes in CD yields in the week ended Tuesday were in line with blips up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months .
The computer 's miscalculation has been painful for Renaissance .
That 's because the cost of buying put options eats into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise .
Second , a long-term shareholder of a good company need n't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily : It will bounce back .
Within a few years , the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned .
Among other things , the government claimed that organized crime figures had routinely handpicked the union 's top officials .
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , off 0.13 ; spot index 131.64 , up 0.30 .
But he stops there .
It was the kind of snubbing rarely seen within the Congress , let alone within the same party .
In the nine months , EDS earned $ 315.8 million , or $ 2.62 a share , up 13 % from $ 280.7 million , or $ 2.30 a share .
But as Drexel analyst Linda Dunn notes , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years .
It was a heady experience for the pockmarked and slightly built Mr. Noriega , who was known to his friends as Cara la Pina -- pineapple face .
Still , Mr. Auvil points out , Grannies became popular without big , red looks , so why not Fujis ?
Industry analysts have said that the purchase price for the paper was too high , causing a strain on Goodson 's finances .
The preamble says that human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights protected by the Constitution .
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined .
But the chief rule-making body for accountants backed off one part of its original proposal made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items related to off-balance sheet instruments .
I love this business , '' he says .
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load .
Already , the consequences are being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments .
Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover , and two cleaned his house . ''
Both said the new plan would n't work .
`` We 're trading with a very wary eye on Wall Street , '' said Trevor Woodland , chief corporate trader at Harris Trust & Savings Bank in New York .
Mr. Paul has been characterized as `` the Great Gatsby or something , '' complains Karen E. Brinkman , an executive vice president of CenTrust .
My attitude is : Let 's come out of the closet . ''
Apple Computer Inc. posted improved fiscal fourth-quarter profit due largely to a $ 48 million gain on the sale of its stock in Adobe Systems Inc .
The funds would be attached to a stop-gap spending bill required to keep most of the government operating past Wednesday .
Its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic wrap for household use , a trader at County Natwest Securities Japan said .
Omnicom Group Inc. , New York , reported third-quarter net income rose 54 % to $ 5.6 million , or 22 cents a share , from $ 3.6 million , or 15 cents a share , a year earlier .
The equity kicker is not attached to the offering , but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 68,548 common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission .
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly .
Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way .
Both hope to encourage pressure for change in East bloc countries still ruled by Stalinist holdouts by arranging liberal financial aid and trade benefits for Poland , Hungary and , to a lesser extent , the Soviet Union .
`` The Giants struck first , winning the opener , 3-1 , on a two-run homer off Dodger right-hander Ralph Branca , '' Mr. Engelken recalls with precision today .
Mr. Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities .
ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co .
The record price for associate membership is $ 275,000 , set Aug. 30 , 1988 .
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
It is a bureaucratic country .
Although the dollar rose slightly against most major currencies , the focus in currency markets was on the beleaguered British pound , which gained slightly against the dollar .
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical .
Rigid ideological restrictions on property ownership should be abandoned .
In addition to not needing an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips .
But who knows ?
When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her , Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death .
The stock split , which is subject to holder approval , would be paid on a still unspecified date in January to holders of record Dec. 21 .
At last report , Enfield had about 44.5 million shares outstanding .
No longer .
No individuals were charged in the indictment .
He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk .
In the U.S. , Deloitte , Haskins & Sells was known as Haskins & Sells until 1978 , when it added the `` Deloitte '' name of its British affiliate .
`` I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , '' he confided .
Mr. Garber depicts these moral qualities with the broad brush strokes of a satire that occasionally descends to the realm of cliched caricatures .
Rival gangs have turned cities into combat zones .
Veiling his message has helped him endure .
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. EST , on ABC : New York City Marathon .
Mr. Corry learned presence under fire when , as vice president of corporate planning , he handled what Mr. Johnston calls `` don't-con-me '' negotiations that led to USX 's shedding of a wide array of assets ranging from chemicals to construction .
Flush with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas .
Typically , manufacturers are paid 10 days after the month in which they ship .
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo .
The industrial average closed down 18.65 , to 2638.73 .
The bank has a negative net worth , they say .
Chinese officials said armed police would replace soldiers in Tiananmen Square as part of a scaling down of Beijing 's five-month-old state of emergency .
He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year .
Seeing new office buildings sprout up and its sales soar , Daikin is building another plant , which will lift its production capacity 50 % .
`` That 's always looking back , '' she said .
They want it back .
Common shares outstanding : 49 million
`` It means that Sikes is serious about the deregulation of long distance , '' said Jack Grubman , a telecommunications analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , who attended the FCC meeting .
`` We have no further developments to report , '' he said .
Municipal bond analysts said the sell-off was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health , rumors of a $ 900 million bond offering coming soon , and political uncertainty .
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas --
Investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda .
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
The decision to accept Credit Agricole 's bid , valued at 283.3 billion lire ( $ 207.4 million ) , came after a stormy weekend meeting .
What is even more ironic is that all over the world nations are learning that well-intentioned public programs often backfire .
MCA said it expects the proposed transaction to be completed `` no later than Nov. 10 .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers .
`` You have a whole staff standing ready '' to evaluate the appropriateness of recommended treatment , he said .
China will spend $ 9.45 million for urgent maintenance on Tibet 's Potala Palace , former home of the Dalai Lama , the China News Service said .
Concerned for her state of mind , I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health .
I saw neither .
He said the decision was the first in which a federal appeals court has ruled whether administrative government proceedings qualify as litigation .
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average .
Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone .
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million .
`` And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new . ''
The two could n't be reached for comment .
The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering .
The numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve 's battle against inflation .
He takes additional responsibility for newspaper sales and distribution of the Financial Times in North America .
With ballots from most of the state 's major cities in by yesterday morning , the Republicans came away with 10 % of the vote in several of the key districts .
The company 's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts ' forecasts and the year-earlier level .
What makes people blurt out their credit-card numbers to a caller they 've never heard of ?
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were .
`` For the last two and a half years , retailing has been in a mild recession , '' says Carl Steidtmann , chief economist at the Columbus , Ohio , consulting firm .
More broadly , he wants to `` modernize '' regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market .
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % in the week ended Tuesday , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service .
After the explosion , Kerr-McGee temporarily shut down its facility just south of Las Vegas for a safety inspection .
He succeeds John A. Boudreau , who resigned for personal reasons .
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year .
Commercial banks and property\/casualty insurers , which together own about 36 % of all municipal bonds , have been dumping their securities for weeks .
The Arabs had tried embargos before .
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved .
He again urged passage of a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion .
The removal of Mr. Honecker was apparently the result of bitter infighting within the top ranks of the Communist party .
Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher .
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday .
The project involving Motorola concerns a technique , called X-ray lithography , that figures to be crucial to future generations of memory chips .
First Interstate stock closed at $ 57.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange .
George Bush disclosed the policy last week by reading it to GOP senators , perhaps as a way of shifting blame for the Panama fiasco to Congress .
The stock 's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary .
Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen .
Apparently , however , the improvement came too late .
The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe , rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there .
But in the end his resignation as Chancellor of the Exchequer may be a good thing , especially if it works as he no doubt intends -- by forcing Prime Minister Thatcher and her counterparts elsewhere to confront the genuine intellectual issues involved .
They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they 're not supposed to .
Baker had the good luck to arrive in 1925 Paris , where blacks had become exotic .
Soon to feel the glare of attention are lawyers elsewhere in the state , doctors , dentists , and accountants , says Frederick G. Hicks , director of the tax-department division that develops the computer-matching programs .
Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 , NMTBA said .
The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month .
So why even consider stacking freeways now ?
`` The problem with this administration , I think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense , the role of the NSC . ''
Options lost some of their mystery in 1973 when the Chicago Board of Trade set up a special exchange to deal in them .
But after building up a commanding lead , the moderate to conservative Mr. Collor has slipped to about 30 % in the polls from a high of about 43 % only a few weeks ago .
Odds and Ends
Michael Alexander , a senior editor at Computerworld , a trade publication , said he was told that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user 's name .
However , he only received federal clearance to buy more than $ 15 million of the stock on Sept. 20 , when the price rose $ 2 a share to $ 78.50 .
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .
They prefer to put off the line-item veto until at least next year .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval .
Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties .
Since the 1987 crash , the industrials have soared more than 54 % , and the widely watched market barometer is about 4 % below its record high set earlier this month .
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue .
In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous .
The scientists then took the five toxin genes and triggered a mutation in the one gene that caused virulence .
But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this `` does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues . ''
This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point .
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe .
Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago in Sacramento declined to identify the engineering firm that did the reinforcement work .
New York Times Co. 's third-quarter earnings report is reinforcing analysts ' belief that newspaper publishers will be facing continued poor earnings comparisons through 1990 .
It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy . ''
Consequently , Mr. Lawson saddled Mrs. Thatcher with a record trade deficit , renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row .
As part of that attempt , by the American Trade Consortium , Mr. Giffen says he spends a lot of time lobbying .
The Justice Department 's view is shared by other lawyers and at least one member of the court , Judge H. Robert Mayer , a former civil litigator who served at the claims court trial level before he was appointed to the Federal Circuit two years ago .
Translation : Motorola appears to have taken a Hitachi technology that is patented in the U.S. , Hitachi says , and `` tried to make it look like a new technology . ''
John Nuveen & Co. , initial offerings of the Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. and the Nuveen New York Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc .
Valued as a buy-out target , the airline stock was trading at nearly $ 280 a share .
There is n't enough .
Other insurance rates such as casualty insurance , which would cover liability claims , are n't likely to firm right away , says Alice Cornish , an industry analyst with Northington Research in Avon , Conn .
Frank Gallagher , an analyst with Phoenix Capital Corp. in New York , estimates that the arbs paid an average of about $ 280 a share for their UAL positions .
This would be a second round of cuts by Mobil , which along with other oil producers and refiners reduced its work force by 15 % to 20 % during the mid-1980s as part of an industrywide shakeout .
Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser .
Dick Pound , a committee member , began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid .
But it is clear he is going to give it a shot .
Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest ; it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol .
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead .
Indeed , it would be irresponsible to ignore such sources of information . ''
But some attorneys who are familiar with the matter said the $ 6.5 million payment will be shared by Bally and Mr. Trump , with the casino and hotel concern probably paying the bulk of the money .
FORMER CANADIAN AMBASSADOR to the U.S. Allan E. Gotlieb has joined the Philadelphia law firm of Pepper , Hamilton & Scheetz as a consultant .
`` It 's a whole new generation , '' he said .
Revco insists that the proposal is simply an `` expression of interest , '' because under Chapter 11 Revco has `` exclusivity rights '' until Feb. 28 .
There can be no quibbling that the Armenians endured terrible suffering , but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve .
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud .
To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .
Mr. Cremonie 's firm once held about 4.8 % of H&R Block .
S. Waite Rawls III , vice chairman of Continental Bank , First Options ' parent company , said the firm took on about 160 accounts formerly held by Fossett , almost all of them belonging to professional floor traders .
Sales rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion .
Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell .
Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern California .
Back in the Soviet Union she was a respected journalist , writing a weekly column about the national cuisine for Sunday Izvestia .
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
Exactly right .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
`` Fast-food franchisers have managed to squeeze in stores into every corner available . ''
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments .
The debt reduction is expected to save the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. home video concern about $ 2 million a year in interest expense .
TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 .
THE PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department .
But Ms. McCraw says the magazine is fighting back .
Mr. Gaubert , who was chairman and the majority stockholder of Independent American , had relinquished his control in exchange for federal regulators ' agreement to drop their inquiry into his activities at another savings and loan .
They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office to Toronto from Vancouver and a name change to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd .
Among other things , the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't uncover any information that would `` embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board . ''
In June , Virginia sold bonds for $ 268.98 that will pay $ 1,000 in 2009 .
The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government-owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization .
A year earlier , net was $ 71.6 million , or $ 1.22 a share .
Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations .
Referring to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committees , he adds , `` Next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen 's door , on Danny Rostenkowski 's door . ''
The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said .
First Boston 's Graeme Anne Lidgerwood values Santa Fe at 24 , down from her earlier estimate of 29 .
And the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while undergoing such a skillful massage .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.62 % .
Sales in the first half came to 159.92 billion yen , compared with 104.79 billion yen in the four-month period .
The vaccine , VaxSyn HIV-1 , has been safely given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain antibodies .
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . ''
MiniScribe said it expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the U.S. and Singapore in the first quarter next year .
That is , he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon , and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works .
But they are stalwart socialists .
Elsewhere , prices of investment-grade and high-risk , high-yield junk bonds ended unchanged .
Among the rules :
They have offered bundles of homeequity loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy vacation time-shares .
`` We went to six companies over two days pitching the prospect , '' says Tim Parker , a Santa Fe exploration manager .
California 's insurance commissioner does n't hold hearings on acquisition applications .
The Pentagon 's recently issued `` Soviet Military Power , '' though in general adopting a softer line , repeated the Sverdlovsk assessment .
The system also provides course-correction advisories .
But some indexers make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors .
Emerson Electric Co. and Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. said the Federal Trade Commission has requested additional information from the two companies about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for $ 40 a share , or about $ 440 million .
Eastern Municipal Water District , Calif. -- $ 56,565,000 of 1989 certificates of participation ( treatment plant projects ) , via competitive bid .
-- Grace periods ranging from two to five years before the full scope of the penalties takes effect .
The statement said a 5 % jump in the `` Peter 's Pence '' collection -- the annual offering from Catholics to the pope -- helped cover the deficit .
These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. , Storer Communications Inc. and Kroger Co .
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't .
Kemper , the biggest holder of senior SCI TV bonds , has refused to join the bond-holders committee and is said to be reviewing its legal options .
Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated .
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago .
A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits .
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior .
Morgan Guaranty Trust , Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank , an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp. , jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said .
They said the problems are n't safety related .
At General Dynamics , factors reducing earnings in the military aircraft segment included higher levels of cost-sharing in development of the Advanced Tactical Fighter , and the high cost of an advanced version of the F-16 fighter .
As a result , UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company .
While some commercial lending has resumed , international lenders remain nervous about China 's economic troubles and foreign debt -- $ 40 billion at the end of 1988 .
Well , notes IRS private ruling 8934014 , `` a fundamental principle '' is that income must be taxed to whoever earns it .
JUST FIVE ACRES MORE are all we need to feel really at home , they say .
Of course , the quake was the worst since the emergence of the computer era turned Silicon Valley into the nation 's capital of high technology .
Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian , `` the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency , '' says Harry Glass , New York media manager for Bozell Inc .
This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings .
As a result , both may now have virtual veto power over any UAL transaction .
Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope , UAL 's chief financial officer , stood to pocket $ 114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out , UAL executives planned to reinvest only $ 15 million in the new company .
The failed rights issue also should have a modest impact on British Air shares .
Bancroft Convertible Fund Inc. , New York , likely will reject a renewed offer from Florida investor Robert I. Green to buy Bancroft for $ 18.95 a share .
In the engine department , several companies displayed experimental models that within a decade could provide power equal to today 's engines and yet take up only half the space , allowing for shorter hoods .
About 40 Italian businesses , including Fiat S.p . A. and Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. , have formed a consortium to lobby for holding the expo in Venice .
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . ''
Shortly before that , USAir had said its third-quarter results would be `` significantly lower '' than a year earlier .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
Another recently offered Alex . Brown issue , Rally 's , surged 3 1\/8 to 23 .
Makoto Utsumi , vice minister for international affairs , said the ministry did n't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out .
The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure , which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers .
And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously .
Often , developers stay on as property manager .
Lawyers for the company and executives could n't be reached for comment .
In the past year , both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses .
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market .
Now , there have been a number of questions raised . ''
Japanese Reverse Tack On Patent Protection
Tony Lambert , Mrs. Verne 's successor , says the mint 's losses from the theft run into the hundreds of thousands of francs .
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . ''
Gas to fuel it would be piped from the North Sea .
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale .
The sales force is viewed as a critical asset in Integrated 's attempt to sell its core companies .
As aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area , rescuers searched through rubble for survivors of Tuesday 's temblor , and residents picked their way through glass-strewn streets .
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 .
Since its inception , Conner has both benefited from and helped make possible the rapid spread of portable computers by selling storage devices that consume five to 10 times less electricity than drives used in desktop machines .
Mr. Keating , for his part , has filed suit alleging that regulators unlawfully seized the thrift .
Typically , Mr. Willens estimates , this type of debt makes up 15 % to 20 % of the financing for LBOs .
`` Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the { Federal Reserve } in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system , which helped the stock market rebound on Monday , '' he said .
Those include Rhin et Moselle Vie and Via Assurances .
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ?
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago .
Well , `` Days of Rage '' airing with before-and-after packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning .
Their opposition helped scare off some Japanese banks .
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first .
Profit after taxes and minority interests increased 16 % to # 55.2 million from # 47.6 million in the year-earlier period , while earnings per share rose 16 % to 27.9 pence ( 44 cents ) from 24.1 pence ( 38 cents ) .
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp .
And what about the cost , and risk , of waiting to realize the hypothetical private market values ? ''
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 .
They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers , including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba , to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs .
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out .
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . ''
She noted that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 2.5 % to 3 % .
It has depicted the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie .
An indication of Akzo 's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results .
By 1980 , there were more than 100 such funds .
Other countries , including West Germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership .
`` He said he wanted to show the color of his money , '' recalls Mr. Diebel .
South Korean consumer prices rose 5 % in the first 10 months of this year , matching the government 's target for the entire year , according to the Bank of Korea and the Economic Planning Board .
Lang owns 70 % of Matilda , while Citicorp owns the rest through its Citicorp Venture Capital Partners .
The goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent incomes equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes .
`` But the horrendous pace of call volume in the first half-hour slowed considerably . ''
The buyer then picks a price and buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell at that price or lower .
The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.40 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days .
Still , Mr. Mack says he talks to `` 30 members of Congress a week . ''
`` I do n't think he 'd want to give out his current account numbers .
Thus , they say , futures inhibit the basic purpose of the stock market : to accurately price securities so that capital and investment flows where it 's needed most .
Moreover , your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio .
He succeeds Paul J. Montle , 42 , who will remain chairman .
The natural gas pipeline concern said the 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Trunkline Gas Co .
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser .
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it .
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects .
The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base .
`` We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , '' says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators .
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase .
`` It 's good exercise , '' he says .
The open-year accounting practice `` is widely recognized within Lloyd 's as of serious concern '' to the 31,329 member investors , who underwrite insurance at Lloyd 's in return for premium and investment income , Lloyd 's said .
Canada , which is preparing to speed up tariff cuts with the U.S. , recorded a 47 % narrowing in its trade surplus with the U.S. in August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , reported .
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said .
Bay said a `` substantial part '' of its debt outstanding is in default as a result of inability to sell certain properties quickly and lower-than-expected prices for sales made .
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone .
It also made artful use of semantics , redefining as non-strategic industries some that had been in the national domain .
Orders for military goods usually catapult in September , government officials say , as the Pentagon scrambles to spend its money before the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1 .
For the nine months , America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million , or 97 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier .
That loss compared with a year-earlier profit of A$ 273.5 million .
The average yield on threemonth jumbos rose to 8.00 % from 7.96 % , while the two-year average fell by the same amount to 7.89 % .
But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects .
Mr. Cane stresses that he is n't using the telephone to lure clients to his doorstep .
The company hopes the new plant , likely to be built in Frankfurt , will be able to produce 10,000 tons a year .
CRA Ltd. said it agreed to sell a 40 % stake in its Howick coal mine in the state of New South Wales to Mitsubishi Development Pty. of Japan .
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him .
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was `` pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , '' an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction .
Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody , the two biggest program trading firms , staunchly defend their strategies .
Several blue-chip companies tapped the new-issue market yesterday to take advantage of falling interest rates .
`` We wo n't sign any new contracts { with deliveries } beginning earlier than 2000 , '' the Hydro-Quebec official said .
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan 's autobiography in The American Economist , a 10,000-circulation academic journal .
In when-issued trading , the two-year Treasurys had a yield of about 7.88 % .
A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen. Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written , and its opening line is , `` Please excuse my handwriting . ''
For one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes .
But Legent , a systems software stock , was down 1\/2 to 29 3\/4 on 39,300 shares .
Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors .
The term greenmail refers to a situation where a company pays a premium over market value to repurchase a stake held by a potential acquirer .
The ad agency 's pretax profit margins were slightly under 10 % at the time of the takeover , according to analysts ; London-based WPP 's goal is to increase margins to 12 % .
BroadBeach did n't identify the buyer of the shares , but the date of the selloff followed by one day the Swedish concern 's tender offer , and the indicated price of the shares sold equals SKF 's $ 72-a-share tender offer price .
Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund .
The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion .
That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs .
Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . ''
The gains also sparked buying interest in other real-estate companies , traders said .
For the nine months , losses totaled $ 212 million , or $ 10.83 a share , compared with net income of $ 48.7 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 350 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Greenwich Capital Markets .
`` It 's not very often something like this comes up , '' said Ron Littleboy , a liquor company analyst at Nomura Research Institute in London .
`` The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy .
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents .
Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow .
I saw what he did to them firsthand .
Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13 .
D. Wayne Calloway , also chief executive officer of the company , indicated that he expects analysts to raise their forecasts for 1989 after the company releases its earnings today .
Warner described as `` nonsense '' yesterday Sony 's assertions in prior court filings that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters could in theory run Columbia while still fulfilling their contract to produce movies for Warner .
Each side has called a Harvard Business School professor to testify on that issue .
Michael E. Hill
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market , Treasury bonds closed higher .
Lloyd 's 66 % stake in that market has shrunk to 50 % in that period , according to an official at the Institute of London Underwriters , a Lloyd 's competitor .
Ronald Kirk , president , says Lloyd 's has suffered because its structure does n't allow underwriters to deal directly with clients ; brokers are required intermediaries .
Yet Sierra 's hard-line stance has created something of a rift in the organization , which estimates that 17 % of its 500,000 members own mountain bikes .
Manville is a building and forest products concern .
Italy 's unemployment rate rose to 12 % of the labor force in July from 11.9 % in April , and was up from 11.7 % a year earlier , according to quarterly figures from the state statistical institute .
NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch .
Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession right now . ``
In any case , he 's likely to find that the more he muzzles his colleagues , the more leaks will pop up all around Washington , a lesson once learned by Henry Kissinger .
The bank 's chairman and director general , who also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the Treasury .
In reaffirming the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound , Mr. Lawson dismissed other approaches to managing the economy .
Mr. Donohoo is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 11 .
It has a `` great location , but they 're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens , '' says Daniel Lee , a Drexel analyst .
Both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners .
It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales .
Manufacturers Hanover
The executives did n't disclose the size of the expected gain .
Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days , consultant Towers Perrin says .
T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. said directors recommended stockholders approve a 2-for-1 stock split and an increase in authorized shares to 25 million from 10 million .
The Pentagon argues that the negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years and $ 23 billion in an `` above guidance '' management reserve that accounts for undefined programs that will materialize in the future .
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance .
K mart previously had announced it would report its third consecutive decline in quarterly earnings for the period ended yesterday , the same day the real estate deal was completed .
But analysts said that against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , that should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength .
`` What I 'd like to see , if he is up to it , is for Reagan to take to the hustings to regenerate enthusiasm for SDI , '' the congressman says .
The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities .
Shiseido predicted that sales for the year ending next March 31 will be 318 billion yen , compared with 340.83 billion yen in the year ended Nov. 30 , 1988 .
I will hereafter devote myself to serving him .
Sales increased 6 % to $ 5.58 billion from $ 5.27 billion .
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material .
One intended customer of the new basket product is index arbitragers , according to the exchange .
Analysts say they think durable goods orders fell about 1 % , compared with a 3.9 % gain in August , and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 2.3 % from the second quarter 's 2.5 % .
And her husband sometimes calls her `` Ducky . ''
`` We 're trying to get it on line as soon as possible now . ''
`` M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , '' she says .
A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United 's 26,000 noncontract employees .
The Japanese-managed plants eventually will have the capacity to build some 2.5 million vehicles in the U.S. and that will translate into `` market share that is going to have to come out of somebody , '' he added .
Mr. Breeden instructed SEC staffers to inform the network that it was airing the wrong number .
The prime minister 's insistence on keeping a private coterie of advisers -- including an economic guru who openly criticized former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson -- confused the financial community .
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer .
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel .
The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said .
The Anglo-French financier has indicated he intends to bid again for B.A.T if he receives approval .
The bank charged off $ 53 million in loans during the quarter .
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign .
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron .
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal .
These are the sensitive souls who can empathize with and even enjoy hearing about other people 's troubles , no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told .
Michigan -- $ 80 million of Michigan First general bonds , including $ 70 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 10 million of recreation project bonds , via a Shearson Lehman Hutton group .
The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets .
The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion .
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not .
Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service .
As banks processed six-foot telexes of sell orders , the crush led to Manic Monday 's worst decline : German stocks ended down 13 % .
`` There are too many people participating , '' says Al Ries , of Trout & Ries , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing consulting firm .
Still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming .
Lawyers close to the case said they believed the ruling was unprecedented .
Under the agreement , BanPonce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash .
Sales fell 2.5 % to $ 1.54 billion from $ 1.58 billion .
With the golden share as protection , Jaguar officials have rebuffed Ford 's overtures , and moved instead to forge an alliance with GM .
Now the 33-year-old housewife , whose husband earns a modest salary as an assistant professor of economics , is saving harder than ever .
Debt-free and profitable , the Boulder , Colo. , computer-products concern could borrow funds if it decides against an IPO now , he says .
Bond market analysts say the institutional selling was triggered by several factors .
Some service boats recently were auctioned for about $ 1.7 million each , up from less than $ 1 million two years ago .
Revenue rose 15 % , to $ 36 million from $ 31.2 million .
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil and specialty-chemicals marketing concern , said SHV Holdings N.V. has built up a 7.5 % stake in the company .
A new product , NewsEdge , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer and beeps and flashes whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user .
Deposits are n't expected to exceed withdrawals in the foreseeable future , as the industry continues to shrink .
Now a rocky stock market and weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy .
Total sales gained 20 % to 122.36 billion yen from 102.01 billion yen .
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing .
But there are no scientific data on this question .
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news .
Last month , the General Accounting Office reported that defaults in Federal Housing Administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated , and that FHA 's equity fell to minus $ 2.9 billion .
They have a series with a good character , some interesting , even occasionally surprising plot lines , and they 're ruining it .
The donations so far appear to be small , especially compared with the huge sums that changed hands in the Recruit Co . influence-peddling scandal that plagued the ruling party last year .
But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults .
Himont is 81%-owned by Montedison S.p . A. of Milan , Italy .
The $ 475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years .
First , the price of natural gas will have to almost double .
But Mr. Smith said Sony intends to prove that the oral agreement did in fact exist , and that even the existing written contract does n't preclude the producers from taking executive posts at another studio .
Sales gained 16 % to $ 1.03 billion from $ 894 million .
MARK RESOURCES INC. , Calgary , Alberta , said it agreed to sell 75 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 63.9 million ) of 8 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers .
`` Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire '' between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS , said Jeffrey Simpson , a columnist in Toronto 's Globe & Mail newspaper .
Senator Phil Gramm pointed out Monday that in the 20 years before Gramm-Rudman was enacted in 1985 , federal spending grew by about 11 % a year ; since the law , it 's grown at under 5 % annually .
The Redmond , Wash. company , a bellwether provider of operating systems and software for personal-computer makers and users , reported net income for the quarter ended Sept. 30 of $ 49.6 million , or 87 cents a share , up from $ 36.6 million , or 65 cents a share , in the year-ago period .
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business .
There 's plenty of whimsy here , but it is n't always clear whether it 's intentional .
Unfortunately , the author simply does n't supply the philosophical frame to sustain his reportorial talents .
The series is scheduled to resume Tuesday evening in San Francisco .
The group had an operating profit of $ 65 million , against a loss of $ 13 million a year earlier .
r - Revised .
He said it is n't certain whether Discovision 's current management will remain when Pioneer buys the company .
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , `` Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , '' I wish you would butt in and say , `` Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country .
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law .
And while sellers of the equipment and companies `` monitoring '' employees have few qualms , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed .
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case .
As a result , Mr. Owen warned , investment will be more likely to flow toward the other European economies and `` the U.K. will be less prepared for the single market . ''
That 's the conclusion of an independent report prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees .
That 's politics .
The law -- the first of its kind -- requires car rental companies in Texas to charge only `` reasonable '' rates for collision-damage waiver insurance .
Finally , the government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters -- it is proceeding coherently toward its goals .
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share .
That could shove a weak economy into recession .
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . ''
Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits .
Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business .
HEYNOW :
Rep. Bill McCollum ( R. , Fla. ) reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards , ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms .
Says Mr. Simpson : `` The script was unreadable .
The theory relies on three assumptions :
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here .
The jewelery chain was put up for sale in June .
In his old job , as Dade County chief , Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals .
Even the beloved Dallas Cowboys were bought by an Arkansas oil man .
The group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers .
An Exxon official said that at this time the oil company does n't anticipate any additional charges to future earnings relating to the cleanup of oil spilled when one of its tankers rammed into an underwater reef .
But Prince Sihanouk has backed all sorts of ideas over the years , and done rather better by himself than by Cambodia .
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so .
`` Let me say there is a symbolic component to this trip , '' Secretary of State James Baker told reporters Wednesday .
Yesterday 's yield was the lowest since 7.22 % on July 27 .
Over the long run , however , sleazy cases will make bad law .
Although British Air is waiting to see what the buy-out group comes up with , Mr. Stevens said a revised transaction with less debt leverage is likely to be more attractive to banks .
The other party could continue on the traditional track of the LDP , representing the manufacturers ' preference for larger government , control , regulation and protectionism .
That contract fell a total of 5.75 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last Friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the U.S. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal .
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 .
The state has combed through records relating to architects , stockbrokers , lawyers in the New York City area , construction workers from out of the state , and homeowners who claim to be residents of other states -- especially Florida , which has no personal income tax .
Rockwell International Corp. bought out Ikegai Corp. 's interest in Ikegai-Goss , a joint venture of the two companies based in Tokyo .
Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements .
`` Recent data have indicated somewhat weaker economic activity , '' said Elliott Platt , director of economic research at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities .
That money also would have to be borrowed .
Wright 's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among `` la-la activists . ''
Nationwide Health said it has `` numerous financing activities '' under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible .
-- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge .
The farmer can say the same for coal , cement , saw blades .
It was reported stolen in transit en route to Washington , D.C. , in February .
Revco has $ 1.5 billion in claims outstanding .
Bank analysts say ministry officials have been growing increasingly concerned during the past few months about Japanese banks getting in over their heads .
What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ?
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated-technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office .
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908 , the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area , a designation normally reserved for military operations .
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S. .
Mr. Manzanec , who succeeds retiring Richard C. Dixon , will be responsible for gas supply , regulatory affairs , and marketing and transportation and exchange for Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co. , Trunkline Gas Co. , Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Algonquin Gas Transmission Co .
Futures prices extended Tuesday 's gains .
To get the necessary growth , adds Murray Ruffel , a marketing official at the Financial Programs mutual-fund group , `` you need to go to the stock market . ''
There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as `` Prime Time Live . ''
Pretax profit is seen at 45.00 billion yen , down from 47.17 billion yen , while net income is estimated at 23.500 billion yen , up from 23.031 billion yen .
Bell Resources is acquiring Bond 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.9 billion ) .
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said .
Would that Mr. Gould 's minute descriptions of these creatures was always so colorful .
But he added : `` Some people use the purchasers ' index as a leading indicator , some use it as a coincident indicator .
Traders say that after a week of nervously tracking every development on Wall Street , the foreign-exchange market has settled back to catch its breath ahead of new U.S. economic data .
The failed bank had assets of about $ 129.6 million .
Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper , Weyerhaeuser , Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd .
Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in
The forfeiture memo cited `` considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . ''
It is a quick fix for a complex problem .
John Bolton , the assistant secretary of state for international organizations , told Congress that the continuing `` statist , restrictive , nondemocratic '' programs make rejoining any time soon `` extremely unlikely . ''
Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members .
After all , this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect , that is the butt of so many jokes that television 's `` L.A. Law '' portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short , bald , intensely nerdy , and unremittingly boring .
But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen .
Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million .
Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly .
A more blue-collar panel became a second aim .
The swift passage of the bill , which cleared the Senate and House on simple voice votes last week , contrasts with the problems still facing a more cumbersome $ 66.8 billion measure funding housing , environmental , space and veterans programs .
When a hospital in Lexington installed a lithotripter last year , demand for a similar kidney-stone smashing machine at a Humana hospital in Louisville fell 34 % .
The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows , but the spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative .
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August .
For 1988 , BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion , or $ 3.51 a share , on revenue of $ 13.6 billion .
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities .
`` Everything , '' one non-`` Moonie '' senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , `` is going back to Korea and Japan . ''
Lotus 's results were about 10 % higher than analysts ' average expectations and compared favorably with the 36 % earnings rise reported a day earlier by rival Microsoft Corp. of Redmond , Wash .
For example , one parakeet owner returning home found that her apartment , like many others in the Marina , did n't have heat .
`` Those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` pro-abortion , ' '' says Mary Spaulding , the group 's associate state legislative coordinator .
The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available .
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons .
This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors , firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco .
Wieden & Kennedy , Portland , Ore. , was named to handle the News Corp. publication 's $ 1 million to $ 2 million trade-ad account .
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn !
Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard , Mr. Paluck said , adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers .
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests .
Mr. Englund added that next month 's data is n't likely to be much better , because it will be distorted by San Francisco 's earthquake .
Officials of Vauxhall Motors Ltd. , GM 's British unit , were meeting with union leaders late yesterday in hopes of winning such an accord .
CRA said then that it was looking for a partner for the mine , which produces more than three million metric tons of coal a year .
This year , the NFL also imposed an 80-player limit on teams going into training camp , down from 120 , in a move meant to trim payroll costs .
Indeed , the government is taking a calculated risk .
First-round draft picks have done even better : Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year , up 44 % from 1987 .
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ...
Foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street .
Quack .
Shell , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet , and Gulf , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd. will be allowed to export 3.2 trillion cubic feet .
But investors looking for alternatives are n't finding it easy .
-- Edward F. Dempsey .
\* Not counting dividends
By making a break from tradition , Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance .
`` Obviously , pride sells in Texas , '' says a spokeswoman for Bozell Inc. , Omaha , Neb. , which represents
`` She can no longer be trusted to behave in a civilised -- that is unflaky -- fashion when abroad . ''
Big auction houses want to make collectibles eligible for lower capital-gains taxes .
In Greenwich , Conn. , Lone Star spokesman Michael London says , `` Obviously with an earthquake of this size , there are likely to be construction projects that would n't otherwise have been anticipated .
Mr. Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel .
Put more simply , GOP candidates for president are looked on more kindly by voters than Republican candidates for the Senate when the prisoner 's dilemma is more severe .
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them .
In this atmosphere , there would be no serious consideration of tax increases .
Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The U.S. contends that the rules are n't justified on health grounds .
The underlying stopgap bill is the second required by Congress this fall and , since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1 , only the Energy and Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law .
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it .
Aer Rianta , the Irish airport authority , could build a cargo terminal in the Soviet Union .
Allied-Signal is a unit of Allied-Signal Inc. , a manufacturer with interests in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials .
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling .
According to one analyst , workers at the Cananea copper mine in Mexico , which has n't been operating since it was declared bankrupt by the Mexican government in late August , are set to return to work .
Now that 's name-dropping , if you know what I mean .
Blocked by patent protection from following suit , Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip .
These actions did n't affect results because the gain on the sale of the European cosmetics businesses was offset by provisions relating to the Brazil divestiture and drug restructuring .
Recently , some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project .
And what they have shown is n't impressive .
Cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation .
The agreement is said to be similar to Warner 's 50-50 partnership with record and movie producer David Geffen , whose films and records are distributed by the Warner Bros. studio and the Warner records unit .
As of June 30 , 1989 -- the day our past fiscal year came to a close -- only 4.1 % of the Bank 's portfolio was affected by arrears of over six months .
What about triple-A-rated asset-backed issues ?
The magazine Success , however , was for years lackluster and unfocused .
The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 .
The average seven-day simple yield of the 400 funds fell to 8.14 % from 8.21 % , Donoghue 's reported .
The budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 1991 , and the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership and Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta , whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week .
AT&T said the expense increase will be largely offset by a gain from its previously announced plan to swap its holdings in Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. for shares in Cie . Industriali Riunite , an Italian holding company .
The real estate can be used , he points out , as guarantees for bank loans for corporate development .
Land and Other Real Estate : Land on which primary home is built , investment property .
A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed that these practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 12 months .
Afghan guerrillas bombarded Kabul in a weekend assault that Western diplomats called one of the biggest offensives since the Soviet Union completed a troop withdrawal in February .
Volume was 449.3 million shares , the slowest of a hectic week , compared with 643.4 million Tuesday .
Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out .
At this week 's New York City bond sale , traders expect yields on the 20-year New York bonds to nearly match the 7.9 % yield on 30-year Treasury bonds .
`` I 'm not interested , '' said Dallas investor Harold Simmons .
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) , who has been the most prominent Democratic critic of Mr. Bush 's handling of the Soviet relationship , praised the president for arranging the meeting .
Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member .
The joint venture will have nominal capital of 50 million marks ( $ 26.9 million ) and 700 employees .
Under the rescue plan , Waertsilae sold 51 % of its stake to a group of banks and pension funds .
Mr. Katz notes that some economists have been predicting a recession for at least two years .
Their other staple has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds .
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe .
Despite administration reservations , the plan has had the quiet backing of customs officials as well as influential lawmakers from Cessna 's home state , Kansas .
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market .
We 're not rushing into anything .
Canada 's gross domestic product rose an inflation-adjusted 0.3 % in August , mainly as a result of service-industry growth , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said .
`` The fact that they did four-day matched sales means they are not in a mood to ease aggressively .
For instance , employment in Denver will be reduced to 105 from 430 .
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase .
Another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in Chile .
But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow , says Mark Cremonie , director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc. , a Chicago firm that manages $ 6.5 billion .
CRA is 49%-owned by RTZ Corp. of Britain .
It starts with conception , taking the sperm 's point of view , then progresses to the baby 's point of view .
However , the Associated Press 's account of the Monday sequester order signed by President Bush neatly captured the contempt Congress shows toward the notion of a legally binding commitment :
They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp .
In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it .
Hyundai , the Korean market leader with a 58 % share , also plans to jump into minicars at the same time .
It 's unfortunate so many must learn the hard way .
The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls .
Nekoosa also is being advised by Goldman , Sachs & Co .
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS :
`` We watch the same indicators and listen to the same prognosticators .
`` We did n't look at it and say , ` Oh my God , something is going to happen , ' '' said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel .
Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats .
Accepted theories of asset pricing offer a perfectly legitimate explanation .
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days .
This is the fifth year Citizens for Tax Justice has released a study on corporate tax bills .
Many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , inspect , and sanitize billions of eggs , turning them into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products .
Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ?
They just want to get their job done at any cost to the athlete '' .
Ultimately , that carefully picked jury deadlocked with a 10-2 vote to acquit , and the prosecution decided not to retry the case .
To wrestle with a demon in a house owned by a Litchfield , Conn. , woman , the Warrens recently called in an exorcist , the Rev. Robert McKenna , a dissident clergyman who hews to the Catholic Church 's old Latin liturgy .
But , IRS private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence .
What do you say we all close down the poker game , go home and bank the $ 16 billion ?
In Canada and the U.S. , Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants .
While Utah is not yet a haven for environmentalism , public views toward the environment have significantly improved .
`` We all like stress , but there 's a limit , '' says Paul D'Arcy , of Rohrer , Hibler & Replogle , a corporate psychology and management consulting firm .
The tender offer for Gen-Probe 's shares is expected to begin next Monday , the company said .
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year .
Congress , with a measure of White House complicity , has been manipulating the spending accounts for years under the cover of omnibus appropriations bills .
He quotes one student saying , `` You 're just the kind of Jewboy we Southerners ca n't stand .
( General obligation bonds are backed by the city 's overall revenues and credit . )
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs .
Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , traditional heavy-crude producers , have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil by their national oil companies .
Also closely watched is Exxon Corp. , where short interest slid to 4,469,167 shares from 5,088,774 .
Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board .
The company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding .
Some analysts do n't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots .
Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm .
In a separate SEC filing , Albert Safer , who holds 6.46 % of United Merchants , said he retained investment bank Lazard Freres & Co. for advice as he evaluates the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker .
Completion of the acquisition is subject to execution of a definitive agreement , approval by all three companies ' boards and the approval of Applied Solar 's shareholders .
The prisons are too crowded .
But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has .
The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest .
Sheraton , a subsidiary of ITT Corp. , will have a 40 % share in the two hotels ; Pan American , a subsidiary of Pan Am Corp. , will have a 10 % share .
A company spokesman , reached at his home last night , would only say that there will be a public announcement of the reduction program by the end of the week .
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were among the most active issues Friday in national over-the-counter trading where they closed at $ 11.625 each , up 62.5 cents .
NICHOLS INSTITUTE declared a 2-for-1 split of its common stock , payable Nov. 27 to stock of record Nov. 10 .
We scuttled along for a few feet before he plunged us into the drink again .
But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers they could get out of their written contract .
Inco shares fell after the announcements .
They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45 % in 1995 to 7.10 % in 2009 .
For now , defense attorneys are tight-lipped about their plans .
Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate .
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains .
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .
But they think promotions are limited .
Profit before taxes fell 17 % to $ 84.4 million from $ 101.4 million .
In May 1988 , an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions .
Now UNESCO apologists are lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart .
The Little Rock , Ark. , department-store retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt .
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media .
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him .
They said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile .
Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds .
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree .
But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs .
Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course .
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 140 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
It would be like `` watching a black and white movie on a color TV set , '' says Malcolm G. Saull , chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute of Technology .
Rumors of Soviet interest also pushed up the prices of soybean futures contracts .
Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock .
But it may have a good listener in Washington .
Nothing in the annals of tuition readied parents for the 1980s .
The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling that the manufacturers of a drug once used to prevent miscarriages must share liability for injuries or deaths when the maker of an individual dose is unknown .
Soviet companies would face fewer obstacles for exports and could even invest their hard currency abroad .
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help .
Volume continued to ease from the active dealings at the start of the week .
His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities .
The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was created in 1982 to serve , among other things , as the court of last resort for most patent disputes .
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover , should it choose to .
Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining Telerate stake .
Benny Chin , manager of the Galileo probe , compared it to watching a child leave home .
The thrifts had a combined loss of $ 487.8 million in the second quarter .
IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share .
Result : a landscape littered with lemons , huge debt burdens crushing down upon the arch and spans of corporate America .
It also would create a new IRA that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition .
On his FEMA visit , Mr. Bush said that he hoped there would be `` less carping '' about the emergency office 's performance this time , adding that the agency `` took a hit '' for its reaction to Hurricane Hugo .
`` Power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' Mr. Miller says .
Mr. Delchamps , 46 years old , succeeds A.F. Delchamps Jr. , who died in a plane crash on Sunday at the age of 58 .
Street lights , the ad points out , `` helped sharpen the arm of many a budding baseball player . ''
Revenue jumped 5.6 % to $ 2.9 billion from $ 2.8 billion in the year-ago quarter .
This means the returns can vary a great deal .
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market .
Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 to 710.5 , Bayerische Motoren Werke dropped 10.5 to 543.5 , and Volkswagen lost 7.1 .
Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years .
`` The results were fascinating , '' he said .
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly .
As a result , Mr. Mengistu has been forced to transfer thousands of troops from Eritrea just to hold the town , thereby risking the loss of even more territory in Eritrea only to keep the Tigreans at bay .
c - Yields , adjusted for constant maturity .
He and others say that the machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory .
In Texas after Hurricane Alicia , major grocery chains used their truck fleets to ship essential goods to Houston , no gouging , just good will .
Its Houston work force now totals 230 .
Lee Seidman of Cleveland says Infiniti `` was a bear on interiors '' but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream .
Stock-market investments also help balance the other assets an individual owns , says John Blankenship Jr. , president of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners .
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro said its potential losses from lending to Iraq could reach 1.175 trillion lire ( $ 872 million ) , marking the bank 's first quantification of potential costs of unauthorized lending by its Atlanta branch .
Rome magistrates accuse Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire ( $ 880,000 ) from the Vatican in return for documents contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse .
The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights , while the Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes to Europe and North America .
At the Stick , while the world shook , I thought of that morning and then it struck me that this time was different .
Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities .
The people have given their leading and only credible political party , the Liberal Democratic Party , clear and uninterrupted power for those 40 years .
The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators Marc Rich and `` Pinky '' Green , today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences .
A community of abandoned farmsteads , failing businesses , and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one ... .
Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint .
Sen. Bradley has it in his mind that such a tax cut would unravel the tax reform he helped engineer in 1986 .
The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make `` a car for every purse and purpose . ''
But by the time Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done .
Sheraton Corp. and Pan American World Airways announced that they and two Soviet partners will construct two `` world-class '' hotels within a mile of Red Square in Moscow .
Consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the IBM strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products IBM unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter .
In early trading , investors were bidding bond prices higher as stocks tumbled and fears mounted that Friday 's stock market debacle would be repeated .
Louis Margolis , managing director in charge of equity options and futures at Salomon Inc. , says that trading baskets of stocks began in the 1970s , a decade before the advent of futures .
A cake topped with a replica of the center will be auctioned at an AIDS benefit at Sotheby 's in December .
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137.6 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , Series 1989 D , due 1992-1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced at par by a Morgan Stanley group to yield from 6.35 % in 1992 to 7.60 % in 2019 .
`` It 's supposed to be later but I just moved it .
But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo , and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly .
Thomas Spiegel , Columbia 's chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed '' by the effects of the accounting changes .
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million .
Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists , says Katherine Bick , who oversees the huge NIH grants program as its deputy director for extramural research .
Noting that Cray does n't have a low-end supercomputer to compete with the likes of Convex Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , Mr. Luber said such a machine would be necessary `` to get things back on line here . ''
Comcast Corp. -- $ 150 million convertible debentures , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
The p53 gene has just been implicated in lung cancer .
Beghin-Say S.A. said that it plans to sell its remaining paper operations by the end of January as part of a drive to refocus on the food sector and lower its debt .
The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens .
The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform , and the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 .
Digital Equipment announced its first mainframe computers , targeting IBM 's largest market and heating up the industry 's biggest rivalry .
He said Wang had reached an agreement with a `` major financial firm '' to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary .
Having seen the hypocrisy with which Congress has addressed the HUD scandals , we disagree .
As for Mr. Sala 's qualifications , `` the snooty attorneys for the state of New York decided Mr. Sala was n't qualified because he did n't have a Harvard degree , '' says Mr. Manion .
The struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town .
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 1989 of 980.2 million Australian dollars ( US$ 762.4 million ) , the largest in Australian corporate history .
These benefits seem secure despite China 's current economic and political troubles .
Ms. Chung 's , however , is said to be the only network news program in history to employ casting directors .
Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock .
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter .
At the end of the third quarter McDonald 's had 10,873 units operating world-wide .
Continental , a Texas Air Corp. unit , recently unveiled a marketing program offering free companion tickets to business-class and first-class passengers on international flights .
The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 .
The announcement came after the market 's close .
Japanese retail executives say the main reason they are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. is that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles .
`` There 's still room for boutique properties , '' says James Barrett , president of MarCor Resorts Inc .
`` The company 's stock is trading at 40 times next year 's numbers , and that 's too much , '' she said .
A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel , Basil Paterson and Mr. Sutton , and getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 .
Common shares outstanding : 120 million
Dow Chemical Co. said its Destec Energy Inc. unit has agreed to buy PSE Inc. , a Houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 115 million .
But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye .
At $ 1,000 per square foot , the Japanese want the feeling of indestructibility , he explains , not to mention protection from possible earthquake damage .
The August increase followed a 0.3 % decline in July .
Futures prices rose modestly , but trading volume was n't very heavy .
In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis .
`` We think Gen-Probe has technology important to people 's health , '' he said , adding : `` We think it is important for us to have such technology . ''
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury .
Despite intermittent rallies in the past few years , improvements in the supply-demand balance have n't managed to push silver prices into a higher range .
Johnstown attorney Richard J. Green Jr. shelled out $ 500 in loans to the judge over five years , he said in testimony to the grand jury .
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution .
The comic book will cost about $ 2 .
Dresdner Bank this month moved to acquire Banque Internationale des Placements , a small French merchant bank that Deutsche Bank had looked at and passed over .
The company reported that earnings from operations for the September quarter were up about 25 % from a year earlier .
But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history ( in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity ) for society to continue shielding its eyes .
Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .
The consensus of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate for GNP during the quarter .
The comptroller 's office eventually extended the deadline to six months but broadened its demands , ordering that the `` book value of the collection { be } reduced to zero . ''
Pinnacle 's SunCor Development Co . real-estate unit 's loss narrowed to $ 13.8 million from $ 78.4 million .
Another analyst said he expected LME inventories to be down by about 15,000 tons when the weekly report is issued .
Nissan says it will introduce its first system next month on the Infiniti Q45 luxury sedan , and Toyota 's Celica coupe will go on sale with the suspension device next spring .
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character . ''
After winning a school competition with a performance of the latter 's `` Violin Concerto , '' Mr. McDuffie was invited to play the work for the composer , who was dying of cancer .
When consumers have so many choices , brand loyalty is much harder to maintain .
It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts .
O&Y , owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family , is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau , a Toronto-based real estate and retailing company .
The TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation wholly owned by the U.S. government .
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty .
Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service , The Movie Channel , on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems .
There was no cost estimate for the second phase .
Seagram will run two interactive ads in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands .
The refund is about $ 9 million .
`` Where does that first stimulus go ? '' exclaims SUNY neurologist Paul Maccabee .
a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor .
`` Perhaps if my personal matters can be resolved with Laurel bank in the near future , I may be inclined to reconsider your request ... . ''
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating .
A frozen mountaintop in Tibet may offer an important clue about whether the Earth is warming perilously .
Still , encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy .
Supposedly , he proposed the movie to his producer , Claude Berri , in four lines :
But trade , one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years , showed a sharp deterioration .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
`` The ultimate punishment , '' he declared , `` will protect the law-abiding from the vicious , cruel individuals who commit these crimes . ''
Analysts predict little or no near-term growth .
GE Chairman John Welch has been `` besieged with phone calls '' complaining about his unit 's program trading , according to a person close to him .
Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen .
Early last year , after a 140-point , one-day drop in the Dow , the Big Board instituted the collar , which banned program trading through the Big Board 's computers whenever the Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day .
In addition , the company said ongoing cost-cutting efforts contributed to the latest period 's earnings upturn .
`` Property values did n't go up in California yesterday , '' says one money manager .
Recall that Nicaragua 's Sandinistas came into Managua as partners in a coalition government with anti-Somoza moderates .
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year .
China 's top film actress , Liu Xiaoqing , paid $ 4,555 in back taxes and fines in Shandong province , the People 's Daily reported .
One step is to beef up its fleet .
The new Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) was created in 1972 to replace the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants .
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs .
`` Our business is constantly looking at all these things , '' he says .
Today , 30 have .
At this week 's U.N. conference in Lausanne , they imposed a global ivory ban that seeks to overturn local policies .
But Eagle said the financing was insufficient and sales during the past fiscal year sagged .
Ohio Casualty rose 1\/4 to 51 3\/4 on 137,200 shares .
The two leaders will meet on Dec. 2 and 3 , alternating the two days of meetings between a U.S. and a Soviet naval vessel in the Mediterranean Sea .
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party .
In this light , the comparative advantages of legislative law-making become clear : ( 1 ) Before it acts , the legislature typically will hear the views of representatives of all those affected by its decision , not just the immediate parties before the court ; and ( 2 ) the legislature can frame `` bright line '' standards that create less uncertainty than the fact-bound decisions of courts .
In Birmingham , which is 57 % black , whites are the minority .
Cray jolted the market in July when it slashed revenue and earnings projections for this year , citing a slowing economy that has delayed orders from government as well as commercial customers .
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % .
The bonds are expected to have a 14 1\/2 % coupon rate .
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit .
Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees .
The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , or nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method and concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives and net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment .
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .
But they need not be to do their jobs well .
Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the Institute of Medicine .
Generally , a short seller expects a fall in a stock 's price and aims to profit by selling borrowed shares that are to be replaced later ; the short seller hopes the replacement shares bought later will cost less than those that were sold .
He said Chase and the Atlas estate were looking to sell the entire building for $ 400 million to $ 475 million , but did n't get an offer for more than $ 375 million .
The government reported that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter dropped 5 % compared with the year-earlier quarter .
Names are resigning at an even faster pace this year .
The coincidence might lead to the conclusion that short-sellers bet heavily on that day that OTC stocks would decline further .
`` There has been a tremendous increase '' in MMI positions , Mr. Selkin said .
Arthur Klein , president of Young & Rubicam 's New York office , stepped down `` temporarily '' in the wake of charges by a federal grand jury in New Haven , Conn. , that he , the agency and another top executive bribed Jamaican tourist officials to win its account in 1981 .
But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a harmonious process into an adversarial one .
`` I can tell you that nobody quit over it .
For its employees to sign up for the options , a college also must approve the plan .
Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... .
SciMed Life Systems Inc. , Minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor .
Security said it signed a letter of intent to purchase La Jolla Bancorp , agreeing to pay $ 15 of its own stock for each share of La Jolla .
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools .
The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , officials said .
For one thing , according to Mr. Daly , the producers requested a release in advance .
The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy to help preserve the fabled city of canals .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Asarco fell $ 1.375 to close at $ 31.75 .
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks .
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000 , and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840 .
A healthy , coherent Japanese market could also make it far easier for Japanese companies to sell overseas , where their share is still minimal .
Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization , which sometimes results when these problems go untreated for too long .
Royal Insurance was the sector 's hottest issue , ending 15 higher at 465 .
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company .
Octel said the purchase was expected .
Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment .
`` The ultimate form of charity is when you do n't tell anyone . ''
The Tokyo-based company had net of 3.73 billion yen in the previous reporting period , which was the four months ended March 31 .
The drug AZT , the only treatment currently on the market , claims only to help stop the spread of AIDS , not to cure it .
Until recently , the huge fast-food industry , with sales of about $ 60.1 billion last year , kept price-skirmishing to a minimum .
The moisturizer , introduced in 1962 , had a dowdy image .
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum .
Also , Larry A. Kushkin , executive vice president , North American operations , was named head of the company 's international automotive operations , another new position .
CBS has changed the rules by throwing out the old basis for sports bids -- that is , can the network alone make a profit on it ?
Last night , after meeting with Mr. Bush and administration officials at the White House , Mr. Dole proposed streamlining the fiscal 1990 deficit-reduction bill , now stalled in a House-Senate conference committee , and passing a long-term extension of the federal debt ceiling without any accompanying amendments .
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the well-heeled investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 360 syndicates , underwrite policies .
More-detailed reports followed , and attracted even less notice .
They 're small time in the small time-hotels ( not the best ones ) and restaurants in Seattle .
Proceeds from the bonds , with coupon rates in the 8 % range , will be used to replace bonds with an average interest rate of 13.1 % .
Any discussions with Ford could postpone the Jaguar-GM deal , headed for completion within the next two weeks .
StatesWest Airlines said it submitted an offer to the directors of Mesa Airlines to acquire the Farmington , N.M. , carrier .
In a news release issued by Mr. Drivon , the trial lawyers association also promised free assistance to victims .
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines .
`` In the past , customers had to go to IBM when they outgrew the VAX .
By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system .
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . ''
It is Mr. Paul 's art venture , however , that has drawn the most attention from investors and regulators , not to mention galleries throughout the world .
Mr. Lurie is currently co-chief executive .
Japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing paychecks .
At the GM stall , they barely looked at a gleaming Cadillac , preferring to talk about cooperation possibilities .
Like all genes , tumor-suppressor genes are inherited in two copies , one from each parent .
Mr. Marmalstein adds that his company is now holding some goods in anticipation of being paid in full .
Back in the U.S.A. this kind of chi-chi airborne activity wins heartwarmingly covetous responses .
For the six months ended June 30 , it reported net income of $ 234.3 million , or $ 4.83 a share , including $ 46 million from tax credits and accounting changes .
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts .
By late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet .
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Intel was up 1 3\/8 to 33 3\/4 .
It says it may pull its clients ' ads from those magazines .
Falcon Cable Systems Co. said it proposed an amendment that would allow it to increase its debt cap to 65 % of the company 's fair market value from the 40 % currently allowed .
Now she leads a grassroots abortion-rights campaign in Passaic County for pro-choice Democratic gubernatorial candidate James Florio .
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
Aetna and other insurers are hiring engineers and architects to help them assess structural damage .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.40 an ounce , up 10 cents .
The cable and TV station company was an LBO of an LBO , a set of assets that were leveraged twice , enabling the blue-chip buy-out king Henry Kravis in 1987 to take more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the com - pany .
The updated forecast , published Aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published March 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in
Last week , Secretary Kemp ran into a buzzsaw of criticism from House Banking Committee members .
As the narrator Stevens , the solitary butler of Darlington Hall , mulls over such hallowed terms as `` greatness , '' `` dignity , '' `` service '' and `` loyalty , '' we see how pious cant subverts the soul .
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money .
Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... .
It said that expanding nuclear-power capability is the quickest way to lessen that dependence .
He said the fourth quarter will be `` challenging , '' and maintained his conservative forecast that 1990 `` wo n't be a barn burner . ''
The officials said this meeting `` put in motion '' procedural steps that would speed up both of these functions , but that no specific decisions were taken on either matter .
No , we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him , enlisting it in the service of private gain , just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth , play disingenuous games about their activities or , to steal a phrase , make public service a private trough .
Corporate Issues
IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays .
If it does not quite have Chandler 's special magic -- well , at the end , neither did Chandler .
British Airways PLC said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share buy-out bid .
Banco Popular originally proposed the merger in July , in a cash and stock transaction valued at $ 50 a share , or about $ 293 million .
In the opener , Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $ 5 billion .
And people who know Mr. Kravis say he is n't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV .
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
An Anacomp official said the Indianapolis computer-services concern had no comment on the group 's share sales .
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months .
The premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed , indicating weaker demand for cash copper .
TransCanada declined to comment on the Foothills application .
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said .
They should never be on .
Golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year .
Several months ago , it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores , a spokeswoman said .
In terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression .
That does n't scare Digital , which has grown to be the world 's second-largest computer maker by poaching customers of IBM 's mid-range machines .
But so-called outer month contracts finished higher .
Your Oct. 2 page-one article on people riding so-called `` railbikes '' on railroad tracks was a disservice to your readers .
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .
So the producers went to Capitol Hill , where a congressman from Georgia introduced a measure to ban centrifugal egg-breaking machines .
Amid heavy buying of shares in Belgium 's largest insurer , Maurice Lippens also warned in an interview that a white knight , in buying out a raider , could leave speculators with big losses on their AG stock .
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its offer for 50.3 % of LIN Broadcasting Corp .
Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales , but the official said it does n't necessarily mean that local sales contracts are increasing that markedly .
The company is trying to fend off a hostile bid by two European shipping firms .
I 'm not referring to the traditional champagne drenching during the back-on-terra-firma toast .
The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . ''
Editor Hasse Olsson said plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev ( Business Paper ) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail .
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994 .
Moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the U.S. , bourbon has become fashionable in many foreign countries , a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore .
Belo said it increased its effective tax rate to 52 % from 47 % to account for potential liabilities related to an Internal Revenue Service investigation of its tax returns for the years 1984 through 1988 .
`` There are n't as many economically viable alternatives for real estate developers in this country as 10 years ago , '' says Charles Shaw , a Chicago-based real estate developer . ``
Thomas P. Marrie , chief financial officer , would n't comment about the details of the negotiations .
The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which `` opens up a phenomenal market for us , '' said Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive .
Further investigation , he said , may result in further actions against Lincoln 's executives , said Mr. Seidman , `` including fraud actions . ''
All of this comes ahead of the government 's big quarterly refunding of the federal debt , which takes place sometime in November .
And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around .
Denis C. Smith was named to the new post of vice president of world-wide advanced materials operations for this chemicals concern .
Near the coast there are dense coverts of live oak interspersed with marshes and prairies .
Some Democrats thought they might have compromised too much .
Wacoal said it intends to produce the cars through a car manufacturer .
Boeing Co. said Trans European Airways ordered a dozen 737 jetliners valued at a total of about $ 450 million .
Democrats want the tax provision to be a separate bill , subject to the usual procedural obstacles .
Here are four key steps :
These big investors have flocked to indexing because relatively few `` active '' stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of the S&P 500 or other bellwethers , much less beat it .
Part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are repackaging mortgage securities being sold by thrifts .
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . ''
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County .
Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy .
The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 ,
Grumman Corp. was awarded a $ 53.1 million Navy contract for advanced acquisition of six E-2C tactical control aircraft .
When the DJIA modestly rebounded , the dollar bounced back in choppy dealings but ended the day below the levels of late Monday .
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1\/8 to 37 7\/8 .
Buyers with $ 6 million to spend can select from 11 designs , including a Mediterranean-inspired California style , a traditional Yankee look and designs inspired by Midwestern architect Frank Lloyd Wright .
Bush said Washington would continue a trade embargo against Nicaragua , declaring that the Central American country poses `` an unusual and extraordinary threat '' to the security of the U.S. .
The year-on-year rise was partly because of higher demand for petroleum products , and partly because of tax changes in 1988 that left oil companies with high inventories in the late-summer\/early-FALL PERIOD .
Next door she put a smaller plaid-floored glass house , where , she suggested , a flat of strawberries might be displayed in the dead of winter .
Time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline .
But he and Dr. Yonehara said there were still several uncertainties , particularly regarding possible side effects .
Although IBM last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began faltering as early as January .
U.S. buyers have already been lined up .
The House version would raise slightly more .
Rep. Hamilton said the purpose of the meetings would be to `` improve communications and perhaps coordination between the executive branch and the Fed . ''
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said .
Mr. Aloe said the Odeon `` has no policy against hiring pregnant people . ''
Avondale Industries Inc. received a $ 13.5 million Navy contract for ship spare parts .
Estimated volume was a heavy seven million ounces .
Sekisui House , which gained 150 Tuesday , lost 70 to 2640 .
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out .
On the allegation of kidnapping , Judge Keenan wrote , `` The suggestion that Mrs. Marcos was brought to this country against her will is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation . ''
A spokesman for Campeau called the rumors `` ridiculous . ''
Then , in May 1988 , Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network .
So far , the mega-issues are a hit with investors .
Expenses unrelated to interest rose 5.4 % , to $ 541 million .
Mr. Ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace .
The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and writedowns of assets .
After placing orders to sell , Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel , an investment banker at Kidder , Peabody & Co. , who was advising on the deal , to confirm these rumors .
Along with some other revealing indicators , these developments suggest that while Mr. Gorbachev wishes to move away from some rigid central controls , he is bent on creating economic structures of a kind that would scarcely find favor with the Austrian or Chicago schools of economic thought .
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one-year waiting list for the car .
Naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee visibility for your due-process system is for top management to support it .
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up .
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 .
UPS wo n't discuss its labor practices , but , according to Mr. Cleveland , a former UPS employee , and others , union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans .
In practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur .
He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life .
A year ago , Wang had earnings of $ 13.1 million , or eight cents a share , in its first quarter , including a $ 3.1 million loss from discontinued operations .
It was hard to see how photosynthesis would ever happen in South Gardens without decking the walls in a Christmas-like array of Gro-Lites .
Because of the large amounts of money being raised , the loose disclosure requirements and the casual monitoring of how the money is used , some analysts fear that there could be a few mega-crashes , which could hurt market confidence far more than the small bankruptcies that followed the boom of 1986 .
Labatt 's has no takeover bids outstanding currently , he said .
For the year ended July 2 , Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million , or 34 cents a share , on revenue of $ 52.9 million .
The announcement came as Societe Commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 40 countries , reported a loss of 320.5 million francs ( $ 51 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses .
NATO defense ministers said the 16-nation alliance continues to need a strong nuclear strategy despite political changes in Eastern Europe .
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months .
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote .
Buying activity Tuesday centered on a wide range of midcapitalization , domestic demand-related shares whose prices range from 1,000 to 2,000 yen .
The increase follows a monthly rise of 0.2 % in September from August .
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said .
Usually , October `` is n't a very interesting month { for retail figures } because school clothes have been bought and people are waiting for December to buy Christmas presents , '' he said .
Scientists are only beginning to understand what causes sick-building syndrome and much of that research was unavailable when the Beebes filed the case , she said .
Only 10 % of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease , compared with 30 % who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years .
The result is that the Senate committee has what amounts to veto power over every covert action .
Still , he says , `` it 's no bad thing '' if all the marketing prods people into putting aside a little more .
Which was about what Mr. Shields did , and quietly , until he resigned a few years later , pleading ill health , when the stuff hit the fan .
Jaguar executives said last week they expect to have a friendly alliance with GM wrapped up by the end of the month .
Tuesday 's rumored buyer , Coniston Partners , would n't comment on speculation that Coniston , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , might challenge the board 's decision Monday to remain independent .
But the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity , advanced there in an Iranian proposal , was generally endorsed by the ministers .
International Business Machines Corp. said earnings tumbled 30 % in the third quarter , even a bit further than expected , rendering the outlook doubtful for the next few quarters .
Werner K. Rey believes fortunes are made by being friendly .
Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman .
The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale .
The latest wave of marketing is instructive .
But in the end , it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons .
The laptops are not revolutionary and , indeed , are tardy in a market first opened by GRiD Systems Corp. , now a unit of Tandy Corp. , almost two years ago .
But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America .
Many small investors went for the safety of money market funds .
Kidder competitors are n't outwardly hostile to the firm , as many are to a tough competitor like Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. that does n't have Kidder 's long history .
`` We think these trends will continue and will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well , '' he said .
Charitable groups are trying to reinstate the write-off for contributions made by individuals who do n't itemize their deductions .
In September 1988 , Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc. , a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name .
The appointments take effect Nov. 1 .
7:13 a.m .
`` Publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die , '' he added .
Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .
Mr. Ortega 's threat to breach the cease-fire comes as U.S. officials were acknowledging that the Contras have at times violated it themselves .
All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 .
The stock has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since announcement of the collapse of the $ 300-a-share takeover jolted the entire stock market into its second-worst plunge ever .
West German interest rates , he said , will remain unchanged .
The opening credits are being redone , Mr. Nelson said , `` to make Teddy 's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning .
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail .
But unlike London , out here I 've never heard anybody blow a car horn in anger .
Farm prices in October edged up 0.7 % from September as raw milk prices continued their rise , the Agriculture Department said .
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files .
Milton Petrie , chairman of Petrie Stores Corp. , said he has agreed to sell his 15.2 % stake in Deb Shops Corp. to Petrie Stores .
Either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth , so for cancer to arise , both copies must be impaired .
Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken '' ) -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing .
Nomura said its pretax profits inched up 0.9 % to 248.91 billion yen ( US$ 1.75 billion ) from 246.60 billion yen in the six months ended March 31 .
July 18 , 1989 :
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday .
Small investors perceive that `` big operators '' dominate the market , said Thomas O'Hara , chairman of the National Association of Investors and head of the exchange 's Individual Investors Advisory Committee set up after the 1987 crash .
Maybe we should ask why it was that Du Pont so quickly capitulated and issued a statement , giving it wide publicity , that it was withdrawing CFCs .
The modest sell-off , which started on Tuesday , continued .
Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet ( council ) .
The agreement is subject to certain conditions , including obtaining financing .
Both men were unavailable to comment .
Kia is the most aggressive of the Korean Big Three in offering financing .
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is .
ARE CORPORATE profits distributed fairly ?
Nam Angels depicts a group of the cycle gang 's members on a mercenary mission to Viet Nam during the war years .
Columbia Gas System Inc. , shelf offering of up to $ 200 million of debentures .
A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 .
Starpointe Savings Bank rose 3 to 20 after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a-share acquisition of Starpointe .
INSURERS ARE FACING billions of dollars in damage claims from the California quake .
But the researchers found that while children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably , the husband 's helping hand `` appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly . ''
Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine .
The Paris-based group said its earlier projection -- that group profit for all of 1989 would be close to the 322.7 million francs posted for 1988 -- remains valid .
Some experts say markets are n't as volatile as widely assumed .
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center .
The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills .
If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return , I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk , as I am sure your pros do .
Armco , hampered by lower volume in its specialty steel business , said third-quarter net income dropped 8 % to $ 33 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 39 cents a share in the year-ago quarter .
But again , they may need the help of the machinists .
`` Investors should stay with their stocks .
`` What have you got ?
Now some negotiated sales that meet a series of tests do n't have to be pre-registered .
After the discarded mural was found outside the school by a concerned Stamford graduate , it eventually was turned over to Hiram Hoelzer , a professional art restorer .
The purchase includes a coffee-roasting plant in Omaha , Neb. , and a leased facility in Houston .
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks .
When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives , including , I might say , the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted , so that they create a market for themselves .
`` It 's tabloid news from A to Z . ''
But from his vantage point , it is n't that Mr. Paul , a customer of his too , overpaid for the work , `` a gargantuan painting by an artist who is not a household word . ''
But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest .
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 .
Unlike the old-line cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G both have enormous research and development bases to draw on for new products .
The rest is , of course , history .
Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman .
Or land in Russia so often .
But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark .
Rather , the brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private `` township '' enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership .
Los Angeles financier Marvin Davis , who put United in play with a $ 5.4 billion bid two months ago , last night proffered both a ray of hope and an extra element of uncertainty by saying he remains interested in acquiring UAL .
But last month new construction in all types of homes waned , from single-family houses to large apartment complexes .
Dow Jones & Co. said it acquired a 15 % interest in DataTimes Corp. , a subsidiary of Oklahoma Publishing Co. , Oklahoma City , that provides electronic research services .
But investors better not ignore its limitations , either .
President Bush told reporters a few months ago that he was looking for the right test case to see whether he already has the line-item veto .
Had the case gone to trial the same issues would have surfaced :
The 30-share index closed 11.6 points higher at 1772.6 .
They are already industrialized ... .
Quantum is Sharon 's largest unsecured creditor .
Now those items will be discussed in a House-Senate conference , which could begin as soon as today , with the expectation that they could either be resolved there or placed into other legislation .
Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned , directly or indirectly , by the Vatican bank .
But his chance to become deputy mayor under Mayor Abraham Beame , a plan boosted by Mr. Sutton , was squandered because of Mr. Dinkins 's failure -- still largely unexplained -- to file income tax returns for four years running .
In recent months , numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , including Bonwit Teller , B. Altman & Co. , and Miller & Rhoads Inc .
The number of outstanding contracts in the October Major Market Index jumped from 5,273 on Friday to 9,023 on Monday .
The USS Lexington returned to dock in Pensacola , Fla. , following an accident Sunday in which the pilot of a training jet crashed into the ship , killing five sailors .
Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower .
Schering-Plough
The Food and Drug Administration banned all imports of mushrooms from China in response to a rash of food-poisoning outbreaks linked to canned Chinese mushrooms .
It also redesigned Oil of Olay 's packaging , stamping the traditional pink boxes with gold lines to create a more opulent look .
Stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting Dec. 13 .
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually .
CMS ENERGY Corp. said management would recommend to its board today that its common stock dividend be reinstated at a `` modest level '' later this year .
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company 's 6.3 million common shares outstanding .
Why the revolt ?
Brezhnevite holdovers have more to fear from Mr. Gorbachev than the verbal spanking he gave to the press .
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school .
Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values .
Some nights he slept under his desk .
Despite objections by the CIA , Mr. Bush also has agreed to the establishment of an inspector general at the CIA who would be independent of the CIA director .
A&P fell 1 1\/4 to 57 5\/8 , and J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 21 1\/4 .
Dow has n't said exactly what impact the Marion acquisition will have on 1989 earnings .
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade .
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago .
Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds .
It is a market order that allows floor brokers to take more time to buy or sell an investment , if they think they can get a better price by waiting .
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose .
On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped .
`` It 's very important that we exude confidence , even though within the family we know there 's a lot of hard work ahead , '' said Richard Miller , the Lowell , Mass. , computer concern 's new president , in a video message to salespeople a month after he took over .
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming .
`` He was constantly picking up new things to fill out his experience ; he is very well-balanced , '' said Takuro Isoda , chairman of Daiwa 's U.S. unit in New York .
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business .
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks .
The diversified operations helped GM build its cash reserves , exclusive of its financial subsidiary , to $ 5.5 billion as of Sept. 30 , a 22 % increase from a year earlier .
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : `` We expect to supply a significant share of this market . ''
The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade .
His interest in the natural environment dates from his youth .
However , dealers caution that any increase would be $ 1 to $ 2 at most .
Their protest was ignored .
Some lawmakers may seek legislation to limit overly restrictive insurance policies .
It also would have reduced mandatory overtime .
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times-Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions .
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .
Then , in late-afternoon trading , hundred-thousand-share buy orders for UAL hit the market , including a 200,000-share order through Bear Stearns that seemed to spark UAL 's late price surge .
Mr. Smith is trying hard to allay the anger .
The climate was right for the new FASB .
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Bush administration to facilitate the refinancing of federally subsidized loans for low-income and moderate-income homeowners .
Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year .
The last time all three companies reported North American automotive losses was in the recession year of 1982 .
Mr. Savageau says earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list .
Because of Leche Fresca 's success , he says , the joint venture is developing other dairy products tailored to Hispanic tastes .
Analysts said those estimates -- which range from about $ 1.80 a share to $ 1.95 a share -- are based on Fantasy being in operation in 1990 .
Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell 3 3\/4 points , or about $ 37.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to close at 50 1\/4 .
PANDA :
Removed from office were George Pratt , Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary , and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive officer .
But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed .
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month .
Enron Corp. said a subsidiary and two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program .
Manville said it expects the plant to begin operating at the end of 1991 .
Dycom Industries gained 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 after it said it agreed to buy Ansco & Associates and two affiliates for cash and stock .
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo hopes to have approval to sell its Marvelon pill in the U.S. in 1992 .
Stephen R. Barnett Professor of Law University of California Berkeley , Calif .
In addition , global petroleum demand has been climbing .
He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family and creating topiary , or garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal .
Since then she has become wealthy .
The index of smaller banks improved 1.97 .
Like trying to buy life insurance , for instance , an endeavor notably lacking in dash .
Remember them ?
`` This is a good move , but it only gets you to where people 's expectations already are , '' in terms of earnings growth , said Joel D. Gross , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
Drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges `` which the company is not in a position to dispute '' because of RICO .
Trained dolphins : pur-poises .
At Scudder , Stevens & Clark Inc. , phone calls came in at 40 % more than the normal pace through early afternoon .
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.57 yen , down from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen .
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
The latest quarter included a gain of 11 cents a share as a partial reversal of the recall charge , because the reserve established last year exceeded the actual recall costs .
a four-part , $ 71 million issue of secured equipment certificates priced through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
There 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the in-crowd .
Net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 22.4 million from the sale of Combustion 's minority interest in Stein Industrie to GEC Alsthom N.V. of the Netherlands .
But many manufacturers find that communication between different computers has been rendered nearly impossible by the babel of computer languages used by different machines , including robots and machine tools .
After only 17 months , its main contract , based on the Hang Seng index , had grown to be the second-largest stock-index-futures contract in the world .
Coca-Cola Enterprises blamed the lower volume on its soft-drink prices , which were about 3 % higher in the third quarter .
Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood .
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released .
`` United pilots have shown on a number of occasions they are willing and able to strike , '' said an executive at Fuji Bank , one of UAL 's large lenders .
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers .
FEMA , which coordinates federal disaster relief , is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after Hurricane Hugo , which hit the Carolinas last month .
`` It 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , '' he says .
A major chunk of the $ 2 billion is expected to be eaten up by overtime for city workers deployed in the emergency , said a spokesman for Mr. Agnos .
Junk-holders say they have a stick to beat KKR with : `` The threat of bankruptcy is a legitimate tool '' to extract money from KKR , says one big SCI TV holder .
Sure .
South Korean consumers are expected to buy almost 500,000 passenger cars this year , up 60 % from 1988 .
Other companies figure they ca n't avoid the market .
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study .
Overall , he says , municipal prices are `` very cheap '' and represent an `` excellent buying opportunity . ''
$ 150 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 29 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees via Nikko Securities Ltd .
It also could convert glucose from farm wastes into edible protein .
`` Much of what we set out to do is completed . ''
Warner has filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo , who in turn are countersuing Warner for trying to interfere in Sony 's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber Peters Entertainment Co. in two transactions valued at over $ 5 billion .
However , investment bankers say that banks are n't likely to lend the almost $ 5 billion that would be necessary for a takeover even at a lower price without someone putting up a hefty wad of cash -- probably even greater than the 17 % in cash put up by investors in the leveraged takeover of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Corp. in July .
Fiat said it 's only interested in technical cooperation with Saab .
But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other .
Consequently , abrupt swings in the stock market are not likely to disappear anytime soon , they say .
This would leave Britain free to adopt the charter after having rebutted the action program .
And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders .
Instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said .
AGIP , the state-owned energy giant , made the announcement about the gas field last month .
Almost any money manager holding stocks has turned in better results , while Renaissance has played it safe with Treasury bills .
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 .
The rise matches that of the Dow Jones industrials this year .
Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas says it has n't had any problem recruiting , even after a nurse contracted the virus while injecting an AIDS patient .
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one .
He was simply the first in this country to realize that treasures were just lying around waiting to be picked up .
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days. 9.84 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
The bill also imposes the California auto-emissions standards on all cars nationwide , as if a car registered in Big Sky , Montana , needed to be as clean as one driven in Los Angeles .
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.30 an ounce , up 20 cents .
Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers .
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
He ca n't guarantee that he can use it any better . ''
Even if that scenario occurs , Westinghouse figures it is prepared .
Copper futures prices failed to extend Friday 's rally .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Eaton closed at $ 57.50 a share , down $ 2.50 .
Columbia , S.C .
But he never took an official position on the bill and has steadfastly maintained that he already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs .
In a management restructuring , Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chairman , chief executive and a director , while Israel Sheinberg resigned as a director .
In his climb to the top , Mr. Dozen also headed the company 's stock-exchange division , its fixed-income units and its international operations .
In fact , managers today are probably more aware of speed as a competitive variable than ever before .
Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making `` various untrue statements . ''
Male scandal victims invariably fare better .
The IL-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp. , a spinoff of Immunex , through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering .
Institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher .
These findings illustrate the vicious cycle that National Institute of Justice Director James K. Stewart calls `` crime causing poverty . ''
While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases , the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed .
Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks they underwrite and pass on the rest of the losses .
Mr. Maynard recently fell from a horse and fractured his arm .
Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the State Department and the CIA said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ; but it is not clear how much is being sent or when it will arrive .
Analysts believe Cathay is approached for such swaps by other carriers on a regular basis , particularly as the popularity of share exchanges has grown among European carriers .
Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter granted slightly lower wage increases than those signed in the second quarter , but wage increases still are running above last year 's levels .
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council .
Now the question is : Is Poland ready for it ?
At last report , Connaught had 21.8 million shares outstanding .
David D. Lung was appointed president and chief operating officer of this maker of building materials for manufactured homes and recreational vehicles .
An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September .
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters .
In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses .
The association said domestic demand grew 8.8 % in September .
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia .
Revenue declined 6.3 % to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.18 billion .
For example , legal restrictions on interstate banking once inhibited the supply of credit to the agricultural sector .
Ultimately , he says , strong demand could help to drive down interest rates on mortgage securities .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion .
Television news , of course , has always been part show-biz .
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % .
Although some of the study 's recommendations resemble those of similar projects , the makeup of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort .
When interest rates have dropped , it makes sense for corporations to do just that ; they then save on interest costs .
Sears posted a 16 % drop in third-quarter profit as U.S. retail operations recorded the first loss in over five years .
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market .
According to the NHTSA , the new regulations will prohibit anyone other than an importer that has registered with the U.S. government , or a person who has a contract with a registered importer , from permanently importing a vehicle that does n't meet the U.S. auto safety standards .
France voted the same as the U.S. 76 % of the time , West Germany 79 % and Britain 83 % .
With the market so crowded , says a spokesman for Wendy 's in Columbus , Ohio , `` If you 're doing well , you 're doing well at someone else 's expense . ''
Feedlots fatten young cattle for slaughter , so a decline signals a tightening supply of beef .
Roe vs. Wade was the Supreme Court 's 1973 decision that recognized a woman 's right to abortion .
White House officials were delighted that the compromise includes the concept of a training wage , which Mr. Bush has fought for throughout the year .
One big question now is the likely role of Mr. Fournier 's allies .
Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time , patience , breadth of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers possess .
Mr. Ireland said 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half-life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion .
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings .
When something undeniably nasty happens , a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers .
Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely political battle between President Bush and Senate Majority Leader Mitchell .
Massachusetts -- $ 230 million of general obligation bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , due 1990-2009 , through a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group .
Short interest in 1,327 non-NMS securities totaled 40.3 million shares , compared with almost 38 million shares in 1,310 issues in September .
Nor is it a Hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the Communist nation into a multiparty democracy .
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . ''
Also , the new stirrings are faint , and some question their extent .
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop .
( Mr. Honecker was twice hospitalized this summer for a gall bladder ailment and his physical condition has been the subject of intense speculation in the Western media . )
AMR 's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of American Airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records .
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio .
And their suspicions of each other run deep .
The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down .
Certainly , the Oct. 13 sell-off did n't settle any stomachs .
That was the New York Stock Exchange 's blooper .
At the Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. stand , Mrs. Nelson Rockefeller , a board member , offered him a soy burger .
Prices of pre-refunded municipal bonds were capped by news that Chemical Securities Inc. , as agent for a customer , will accept bids today for two large lists of bonds that include many such issues .
Mr. Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain 's NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U.S. .
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates .
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to
HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate .
There are no firm plans to expand the experimental program beyond the University of Pittsburgh , whose hospital performs the most transplants in the world .
Is there any empirical support for this theory ?
`` If that continues , a significant number of { U.S. . } companies will go over there to raise money . ''
At the University of Kentucky , a team led by Dean Currier , a physical therapy researcher , is testing the stimulators in conjunction with electric shocks to induce muscle contractions to help prevent wasting of thigh muscles after knee surgery .
`` Depending on how far down you go , it may be difficult to pay off that debt . ''
Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction and rumors that a major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds .
But James Ireland , a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total `` half-life '' value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
The White House , never eager for a fight , was happy to try , which is why George Bush said he was looking for `` flexibility '' last week .
The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa .
The report by the Western government , which declines to be identified , concludes that `` a near-term foreign-exchange payment problem can be avoided only if import growth drops to below 5 % per annum . ''
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit .
`` Every broker has blocks of every size and maturity . ''
Amdura Corp. said its bank group , led by Chicago-based Continental Bank , agreed to extend its $ 40 million bridge loan until March 31 , 1990 , and gave it a new $ 30 million credit line .
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 2 :
In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding who would fly in what balloon and in what order ( the baskets hold no more than four passengers ) .
`` If we did n't increase prices , we 'd be in the red . ''
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .
Sales increased a more modest 4.8 % in the South and 4.4 % in the Midwest .
On Dec. 13 , 1973 , it issued its first rule ; it required companies to disclose foreign currency translations in U.S. dollars .
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved .
A spokesman for LTV Steel , which is a unit of Dallas-based LTV Corp. , noted that steel prices , adjusted for inflation , increased only 1.7 % between 1981 and the fourth quarter of 1988 , while the prices of other industrial commodities increased nearly five times as much .
The company is active in office and residential development in New York .
His study showed that junk bonds over time had a cumulative default rate of 34 % .
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group .
These decisions deserve more attention than they have received from scholars , and from journalists as well .
The White House said Ms. Hesse , a Chicago businesswoman who previously held posts at the Energy Department and FERC , is leaving to become a vice president of First Chicago Corp .
Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm .
And there was speculation yesterday that Fidelity Investments and other large mutual-fund companies might soon follow the lead of Kemper Corp. and other institutions in cutting off trading business to securities firms that do program trading .
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc .
Silicon Valley heaved a sigh of relief yesterday .
In a porous wicker basket .
He does add , however , that transplanted Japanese car makers are boosting the levels of U.S.-made steel in their autos , instead of relying heavily on imported steel .
See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the `` law '' governing company courts and adjudicators .
And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans .
Sitting at the bar of the Four Seasons restaurant , architect William McDonough seems oblivious to the glamorous clientele and the elegant setting .
A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with securities and banking regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout , but that conditions were n't dictated by those agencies .
But he said IBM would have won the business anyway as a sale to a third party that would have then leased the equipment to the customer .
`` Batibot '' lacks the polish of `` Sesame Street . ''
The proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 2 billion .
Mr. Schwartz said the recent increase in orders `` puts us well on the way to our goal of $ 1.6 billion in bookings for the year . ''
Ms. Chung 's program is just one of several network shows ( and many more in syndication ) that rely on the controversial technique of reconstructing events , using actors who are supposed to resemble real people , living and dead .
It reflects values of a generation that wants more time for families and personal interests , says John H. Moxley III , who directs physician-executive searches for Korn\/Ferry International .
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children .
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Bolinas -- astride the San Andreas Fault .
The Orange Workers are just putting this preaching into practice .
After the company reported red ink for the fiscal third quarter , Wang 's marketing department provided the sales force answers to questions such as `` How could you not have known you were going to lose $ 55 million ? '' and `` Is Wang still a viable company ? ''
`` A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop .
The offering , with an expected average life of 3.2 years , will float monthly at 20 basis points above the rate on an index of 30-day double-A-rated commercial paper , which now yields about 8.50 % .
Basically , Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee .
RJR 's subordinated discount debentures of 2001 , which traded as low as 45 Friday , finished the day at 46 7\/8 .
Will the adoption of this particular form of a poison pill significantly improve the chances for management to carry out this strategy ?
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real-life PC .
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces .
Granges said in Vancouver , British Columbia , that the production halt will be phased in over a 10-week period .
The preliminary conclusion from a survey of 200 downtown high-rises is that `` we were incredibly lucky , '' said Lawrence Kornfield , San Francisco 's chief building inspector .
The Commerce Department estimates that Japanese government and industry spending on HDTV research is already over $ 1 billion .
Within two years , the moderates were exiled or in prison , Nicaragua had gone communist , and the Sandinistas were building one of the biggest armies in Latin America and threatening their neighbors .
The intangible benefits may prove extremely costly if CBS ca n't avoid big losses on the sports coverage itself .
Why ?
He can live with little pleasures .
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them .
Nguyen Ngoc seemed an obvious choice when the Vietnamese Writers Association was looking for a new editor to reform its weekly newspaper , Van Nghe .
The government 's Office of Bank Supervision and Examination told the National Assembly this month that in the first half of 1989 , the nation 's 30 largest business groups bought real estate valued at $ 1.5 billion .
But the Japanese have to go a long way to catch up .
About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms .
Most recently , the Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate .
The Hammacks ' own home , also in Los Gatos , suffered comparatively minor damage .
The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers .
`` I am determined to get an apartment in three years , '' she says .
Further , under the agreement , First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices .
Upon privatization , National Power will be responsible for 70 % of the country 's power generating business .
USAir fell 2 1\/2 to 40 .
That should help IBM address the damage that a resurgent Storage Technology Corp. has inflicted in that market .
`` The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta .
A spokeswoman said shipments of truck engines , which provide a higher margin than most of the company 's other products , declined 16 % from a year earlier .
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed .
`` We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , '' he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week .
The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the Federal Aviation Administration said .
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .
There are the supply-side globalists , who seek to spread the advantages of a common currency through fixed exchange rates .
At the close of business Thursday , Ciba-Geigy and Chiron said 11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer .
In this case , the investor 's risk would n't exceed 3.6 % of the total investment .
If I could ever feel I 've contributed to it in some way , then all the hard work has been worth it . ''
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million of commercial paper in each maturity next Tuesday .
Sanford Kane , president , said the finalists were chosen from among 57 locations based on financial , business , and quality of life considerations .
Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate .
The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft and five Cessna Citation II jets .
In 1936 , John Maynard Keynes wrote that `` of the maxims of orthodox finance none , surely , is more antisocial than the fetish of liquidity . ''
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe .
The time schedule for installing the equipment also will be developed by the task force , the company said .
One old building , the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street , had its yellow brick facade sheared off by the shock of the quake , leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians and cars .
Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union .
The mint purchases were at premiums about 4 1\/2 cents a pound above the respective prices for the copper .
No reason was given in the filing for the sales .
As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men .
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering .
E.W. Scripps Co. said it has acquired a Georgia cable television company and a Massachusetts publishing firm .
Going into the 1990s , the GOP is paying a price for the same conservative social agenda that it used to torment Democrats in the past .
And the merchandise was , well , fake .
Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles-based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter stationery , among other things , and notify customers .
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 .
The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that degradation .
Markets --
As a result , U.S. Trust 's earnings have been hurt .
It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor .
The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 .
The company attributed the loss to declining revenue and litigation costs relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. and Robert W. Reedy .
`` We are positioned to come through , '' he said , noting that the company 's backlog was up from the previous quarter .
Its stock fell 12.5 cents , to $ 2.125 , in American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit .
Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume .
They observe that persistent Japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support for the dollar at around 140 yen .
Each of the units consists of two warrants , each of which could be used to purchase a half-share of common stock , and one depositary preference share .
In a statement prepared by lawyers for the university and Connaught , the parties said they agreed that as a result of reaching a C 415 million research accord , `` It is unnecessary that there be a judgment on the merits { of the case } at this time . ''
`` They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time . ''
And while the company has n't made a definite statement , it now looks like that 's not going to be anytime soon , '' Mr. Maxwell said .
-- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation .
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval .
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the U.S. output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain on an annual basis , slowing somewhat from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , but still fairly strong .
`` She just wiggled her fanny and all the French fell in love with her , '' sniffed the literary world 's Maria Jolas , not entirely inaccurately .
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire .
`` Every day we 're getting new bid lists '' from would-be sellers , one trader said .
In the auto sector , Bayerische Motoren Werke plunged 14.5 marks to 529 marks ( $ 288 ) , Daimler-Benz dropped 10.5 to 700 , and Volkswagen slumped 9 to 435.5 .
In a statement , Craig O. McCaw , chairman and chief executive officer of McCaw , said : `` We trust LIN will take no further actions that favor BellSouth . ''
It continues through the life of the center ; the Vermont-Slauson Center has created 500 permanent private-sector jobs at a one-time cost in public funds of only $ 2,500 per job .
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city 's coast .
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index plummeted 40.4 points to close at 2149.3 .
Meanwhile , Toshiba 's Japanese rivals , Hitachi , Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp. , are n't sitting still .
In June , the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial .
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision .
Yeast Adapted to Make Gene-Spliced Drugs
Mr. Ross , who has been studying retail investors ' perception of risks in the brokerage industry , said a market plunge like Friday 's `` shatters investors ' confidence in their ability to make any judgments on the market . ''
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops .
These managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of September , down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 .
Machine tool executives are hopeful , however , that recent developments in Eastern Europe will expand markets for U.S.-made machine tools in that region .
-- Joshua Adams .
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too .
It just is n't done .
They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit .
Ethan Bronner 's `` Battle for Justice : How the Bork Nomination Shook America '' ( Norton , 399 pages , $ 22.50 ) is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings , done with journalistic verve , but with a flawed legal philosophy .
MANAGER REPLICATION FUNDS :
`` Rates have n't really peeled off that much , '' Mr. Regalia said .
Washington rejected the bid , saying the hostages were n't linked to other issues .
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult .
Stock-index funds have grown in popularity over the past decade as pension funds and other institutional investors have sought a low-cost way to match the performance of the stock market as a whole .
`` The market is beginning to disassociate itself from Wall Street , '' said one New York trader .
George L. LaMore , president and chief executive officer , will become chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin 's retirement .
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher .
Tradition is dictator at Lloyd 's .
It also temporarily closed Quantum , because of the internal investigation , as well as the FDA 's ongoing inquiry .
At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund group , money funds continue to draw the most business , says Michael Hines , vice president , marketing .
Markets --
Lawyers for shareholders , Bally and Mr. Trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court magistrate not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed .
In addition , the bank has an option to buy a 30.84 % stake in BIP from Societe Generale after Jan. 1 , 1990 at 1,015 francs a share .
Sponsors are naturally counting on their ability to keep ahead of tuition inflation with investment returns .
Yes Clothing Co. , proposed initial offering of 776,470 common shares , of which 600,000 shares will be offered by the company and 176,470 by holders , via Seidler Amdec Securities Inc .
It was priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Mastro , who headed the government 's racketeering case against the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , will join Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in its New York office .
Federal Express goes further in this respect than any company I know of with both Frederick Smith and James Barksdale , chief executive and chief operating officer , respectively , sitting in on the Appeals Board almost every Tuesday to decide cases .
Bond prices inched higher .
Apple Computer gained 1 to 48 1\/4 ; Ashton-Tate rose 3\/8 to 10 3\/8 .
Curiously , he compares the Orange Workers to the ANC , which his father outlawed in 1960 .
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline .
He charges the city 's critics with spreading `` unfounded emotional rhetoric . ''
Among utilities , Drexel currently favors Entergy Corp. and General Public Utilities Corp .
U.S. and Soviet negotiators opened talks in New York aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals .
But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side .
Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents , and perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $ 80 million computer system in 1985 .
The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs .
East German Protestantism in particular fears Mr. Krenz , in part because of an incident in January 1988 when he was believed to have ordered the arrest of hundreds of dissidents who had sought refuge in the Church .
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up .
Ciba-Geigy intends to develop the Ciba Corning unit into a `` substantial business , '' making the unit an `` integral part '' of Ciba-Geigy 's `` comprehensive disease management concept .
One may be William Broderick , a Sterling , Mass. , grower .
We can applaud Mr. Pryor 's moment of epiphany , even as we understand that he and his confreres need restraint lest they kill again .
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment .
`` I blew it , '' Mr. Motley says apologetically .
The state has a $ 1 billion reserve , and is expected to add $ 1 billion to that fund in the next year .
Many of his peers feel the same way .
And in that case , the investor misses out on any major upside gain .
The company said it would have no further comment .
`` It 's horrible to say , but it 's unfortunate that earthquake was n't in Phoenix -- it might have knocked out some of our empty buildings , '' said C.W. Jackson , a prominent Arizona businessman with interests in real estate , banking and many other businesses .
A closing date has n't been set .
Advertising volume at the company 's 35 regional newspapers decreased 1.1 % .
Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment .
COPPER :
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices .
He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space .
McCaw 's offer is scheduled to expire tomorrow .
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
`` He 's wise , he 's good and I know he 's an honest man , '' the Texan says .
I ca n't even say I made my own mistakes .
Mr. Noriega 's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967 , intelligence officials say .
But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Ernest Ball , for instance , who wrote `` When Irish Eyes are Smiling , '' and Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the gas mask and the tri-colored traffic light .
Laura Dale , center manager at the catalog company 's customer order center in Reno , Nev. , defends monitoring .
`` How do readers feel about the magazine ?
Amtech Systems Inc. , Tempe , Ariz. , said its preliminary year-end results of operations indicate `` substantial improvement '' over the previous fiscal year .
They currently have large orders for cargo planes .
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures .
`` He still has n't proven his mettle as a big-league take-out artist , '' said airline analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley & Co .
Noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment , National Patent said it believes Interferon 's stock is undervalued .
The suit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million , alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law .
Called Otto 's Original Oat Bran Beer , the brew costs about $ 12.75 a case .
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest .
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle .
That can reduce returns by a third or more , once local taxes are included , Mr. Lipper says .
Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library ( `` the pleasure dome '' ) .
An extra exclusion would be given to long-held stock in small and medium-size corporations just starting up .
`` When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group .
ESB said it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a `` take it or leave it '' basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called .
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
Craig Forman in London contributed to this article .
Other firms `` are dealing with the masses .
With only small help from the government , these start-up concerns are trying to compete with the Goliaths of the Japanese consumer electronics industry , which enjoy considerable backing from the Japanese government .
Remarketers make modifications to IBM 's computer hardware and resell the products .
`` They are growing more pragmatic about their role . ''
The President came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill .
A.P. Green Industries advanced 1 5\/8 to 36 1\/8 .
`` My feeling is { Cathay does n't } have a hope in the long run , '' says an analyst , who declines to be identified .
Bruno DeGol , chairman of DeGol Brothers Lumber , Gallitzin , Pa. , was named a director of this bank-holding company , expanding the board to 11 members .
The company 's third-quarter earnings also rose to 10 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago .
Perhaps the fiscal shock of tax cuts is after all best absorbed by floating rates , though of course in the event Mr. Lawson resigned over whether to support a weak pound , not restrain a strong one .
After 75 years there may be a few things that are worth reexamining .
`` He 's sharp as a tack .
RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million .
The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district .
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $ 305 million from $ 274 million last year .
In when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78 % .
`` The Thief and the Dogs , '' written in 1961 , is a taut , psychological drama , reminiscent of `` Crime and Punishment . ''
The IRS denied cost deductions because few of the temps got to go aboard .
With the market down , we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening . ''
Mobil 's latest move could signal the beginning of further reductions by other oil companies in their domestic oil-producing operations .
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index fell 27.9 points to 2135.5 .
`` I believe everyday pricing in the current environment does n't work , '' says Walter Loeb of Morgan Stanley & Co. , pointing to soft durable-goods sales .
Olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 22 million , up from $ 15 million a year ago , largely because of gains in electrochemicals such as caustic soda .
When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million .
The electronics concern said it already has paid $ 2 million of the settlement to National Semiconductor , Santa Clara , Calif. , and will pay the remaining $ 1 million in equal installments over the next eight quarters .
Corporate bonds `` are usually not a good bet in a recession , '' Mr. Wyss says .
Mr. Redmond said the intruder had n't yet done any harm but the agency feared `` garbage data could be substituted for real data . ''
It is a market attribute -- the ability to absorb selling orders without causing significant price changes in the absence of news .
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire .
The Singapore and Kuala Lumpur stock exchanges are bracing for a turbulent separation , following Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin 's long-awaited announcement that the exchanges will sever ties .
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes .
`` People tend to see risk primarily on that one dimension , '' says Timothy Kochis , national director of personal financial planning for accountants Deloitte , Haskins & Sells .
John J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and 1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40 years . ''
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment .
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe .
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents in over-the-counter trading , to $ 11.25 .
August through October traditionally is the busiest season for the bakeware business , as many retailers use the goods as autumn promotional items .
Like all Americans seeking chronic prosperity , I do find it necessary to plunge certain funds into conservative monetary tools , if only to assuage my father-in-law , who believes in such things .
The disclosure follows last Friday 's news that Bond Corp. incurred an overall loss of A$ 980.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , the largest loss in Australian corporate history .
NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows , a move that would control costs .
Poverty is only two blocks from President Bush 's residence .
IRA account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion from $ 393 billion last year and just $ 26 billion in 1981 .
That is usually measured by the standard deviation , or divergence , of annual results from the average return over time .
The company plans to expand plant capacity 50 % by 1991 .
Eavesdropping by individuals is harder to measure .
Despite some early computer-guided program buying , the Nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 .
Canadian Indians are taking five countries to court in a bid to stop low military flights over their homes , the Dutch Defense Ministry said .
Second , we trimmed more than a month off the time required to deliver a finished product . ''
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company .
The spokesman says the `` glitch '' in the statute is `` the worst kind of Catch-22 . ''
Gerald F. Seib and Joe Davidson in Washington contributed to this article .
Mr. Skase 's statement cited four recent problems that he said had cut group cash flow by more than A$ 200 million .
Without the Adobe gain , Apple 's full-year operating profit edged up 1.5 % to $ 406 million , or $ 3.16 a share , from $ 400.3 million , or $ 3.08 a share .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass . )
Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 .
LIN Broadcasting slid 1 3\/8 to 108 3\/4 , despite reporting third-quarter net of 46 cents a share , up from 39 cents the previous year .
Mr. Levine noted that Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Mr. Green 's offering price for the last several months .
In the meantime , the strategies will increase expenses .
He said this improvement means it is still possible to reach the targeted current account surplus of four billion rand for 1989 .
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues .
In the year 's first six months , Kurzweil had a loss of $ 6.9 million on sales of $ 11.2 million .
`` A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth .
For the political process to work , all citizens , regardless of race , must feel represented .
The OTC technology sector is far from a cohesive unit .
`` I do n't think it 's anything that 's going to cause a downturn in economic activity .
In addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market , and not a shift in stock-holding preferences .
Cross & Trecker Corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its Wiedemann division to recently created Murata Wiedemann Inc. , a U.S. affiliate of Murata Machinery Ltd. of Kyoto , Japan .
The decision , Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services , illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were contemplated by the justices .
He said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in January in New Orleans , the Japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing .
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months .
The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling .
The woman had nearly died .
In Los Angeles , it 's important to catch people just after work . ''
That 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge .
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender .
Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 .
Real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $ 71.9 million from $ 143 million a year earlier , the company said .
I 'm out of bed .
These failures in turn contributed to the fall in the market averages : Uncertainty extracted an extra risk premium and margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures .
Britain 's B.A.T Industries PLC is trying to unwind its U.S. retailing operations , which include such well-known stores as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's , Breuners and Ivey 's .
However , unlike a buy-stop order , a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it .
`` It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' Dr. Blumenfeld recalls .
The bill vetoed by the president in June , which the House failed to override , would have lifted the minimum wage to $ 4.55 an hour by late 1991 , with a training wage for up to two months , generally for a worker 's first job .
Mr. Andersson acknowledges that the company 's mining division `` will be busy for a while digesting its recent expansion . ''
Wells Fargo is rebuilding its loan-loss reserve , which increased to $ 711 million at Sept. 30 from $ 664 million the previous quarter but was down from $ 852 million a year ago , when the bank still had some shaky foreign loans .
Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski .
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .
CORPORATE DOWNSIZING digs deeper .
Japanese domestic motor-vehicle sales rose 12 % in September , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said earlier this month .
When Mrs. Thatcher cut the top tax rate to 40 % , Mr. Lawson flooded the country with money to prevent the pound from rising against the mark .
`` Keep some money available for opportunities , '' he says .
Detroit -- $ 130 million of distributable state aid bonds , via a Chemical Securities Inc. group .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Compaq shares fell $ 1.625 to $ 108.625 .
I wish them all the best ! ''
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers .
Hardly .
Net premiums written through Sept. 30 fell 5 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 2.2 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said .
That is the state of Japan 's computer industry .
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 .
Mr. Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star .
To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name .
Amdura 's bridge loan , part of the financing for Amdura 's acquisition of CoastAmerica in December 1988 , was to come due next Friday .
And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used and does n't even know it .
It happened four days after he was sentenced to life in prison for ordering a 1979 murder .
Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it .
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage .
Indeed , Mr. Gorbachev 's proposals display a close conceptual resemblance to the tenets of Italian fascism , whose architects spoke specifically of a `` third way '' : of having produced a historic synthesis of socialism and capitalism .
In 1986 , he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff 's president that they both raise fares 20 % .
President North American Physicians Insurance Risk Retention Group
Saab 's problems were underscored Friday when the company announced that its car division had a 1.2 billion kronor ( $ 186.1 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than Saab-Scania had forecast in its first-half report last month .
A `` syndicate '' of shareholders holds just under 50 % of AG , Mr. Lippens said , and members have agreed to give one another the right of first refusal should they sell any AG shares .
A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would , per year , be expected to have eight burglaries , 70 thefts of or from autos , and four robberies .
That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers .
But when stocks held steady , Treasury bonds later retreated .
Grand Met owns Bombay gin , the No. 3 imported gin in the U.S. ; rival Guinness PLC has the No. 1 imported brand , Tanqueray .
The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992 , including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures .
Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports .
The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 2,480 cots , 500 blankets , and 300 pints of Type-O blood .
Time Warner reported a $ 176 million loss for the third quarter , reflecting the cost of the recent merger and a method of accounting for the deal .
Hassan Kamel Ali is a card shark and dope dealer who has a simple creed : `` I live in this world , assuming that there is no morality , God or police . ''
`` Attention , '' yelled our pilot as our basket plunged into the canal .
Evidence of the growing Japanese demand for mortgage securities abounds .
Cutting against the downward trend was Continental , which jumped 4 marks to 346 marks ( $ 187 ) in heavy trading on rumors that the tire maker is about to be taken over .
Pegasus Gold `` has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues , '' says Marty McNeill , metals analyst at Dominick & Dominick , a New York investment firm .
Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions .
In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery .
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
The stock 's advance reflected ongoing speculation that Pennzoil is accumulating a stake in the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves .
`` Nobody had the guts to complain . ''
The Democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said .
This hurts the price of corporate bonds .
In the early stage of checking people with incomes exceeding $ 500,000 who were filing nonresident returns , it squeezed $ 7.5 million out of a man who was posing as a Florida resident .
However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel .
Fears that Ford 's ardor might be cooling put Jaguar shares into reverse after GM confirmed its friendly negotiations with Jaguar .
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own .
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply .
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems .
The DAX index closed at 1472.76 , up from 1466.29 .
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening .
He points to a letter on his desk , his second in a week from President Bush , saying that they `` do n't disagree . ''
Most traders and analysts attributed the decline to technical factors associated with the contract 's going off the board .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped .
Analysis of ice from the Dunde ice cap , a glacial plateau in Tibet 17,000 feet above sea level , show that average temperatures were higher in 1937-87 than in any other 50-year period since before the last Ice Age , Mr. Thompson said .
The need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders who had been told at the company 's annual meeting in July that there were n't any major problems ahead .
Gen. Michel Aoun rejected the pact because it fails to provide a timetable for a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon .
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp .
There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House and Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad .
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share .
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper .
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
Lloyd 's officials decline to comment on the matter .
Mr. Achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country , including Nissan , Toyota , Seagram and Backer Spielvogel clients Hyundai and J.P. Morgan .
But six years ago he also began importing from the Far East .
Soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts John J. Veatch Jr. , an investment banker with Salomon Brothers who handled the Cowboys sale .
Moreover , some analysts said they expect a foreign paper company with deeper pockets than Georgia-Pacific to end up acquiring Nekoosa , signaling to the rest of the industry that hostile bids are unproductive .
Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company 's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit .
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names .
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 150.8 million , or $ 1.20 a share , from $ 223 million , or $ 1.71 a share , a year ago .
Total revenue is expected to double to more than $ 22 million from $ 10.8 million .
On average , Mr. Lynford says , it now takes three to 3 1\/2 years to fill new office space , compared with 2 1\/2 years in 1988 .
The tip-off came when he opened a recent Merrill Lynch statement and found that the CD 's `` estimated current market value '' had plummeted by $ 9,000 in a month .
Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC .
Given Hong Kong 's record , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago .
The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 , and the 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 .
There was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before .
Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low .
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector .
It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear .
Larry Drury , attorney for the plaintiffs , valued the settlement at between $ 6 million and $ 8 million .
The company 's latest announcement said Mr. Waggoner will remain a director of Staar , a maker of products for small-incision surgery .
And now , at the crucial moment , he 's running out of money .
HUGO'S BLAST generates pleas for aid from South Carolina small businesses .
But industry officials expressed concern that the initial project might give Fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later .
`` Lethal Weapon II '' was also a big hit .
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally .
So long as abortion was a question for litigation , not legislation , Republicans could find political security in absolutism .
As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer .
Yet some people are advancing a chilling casuistry : that what we are seeing is somehow the understandable result of the historical sins committed by the Turks in the 16th century .
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society .
The biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game : How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age .
Others pointed out that at least four other disk-drive makers will have competitive one-inch drives early next year and that the industry already operates on very thin margins .
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates .
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . ''
Gulf Power said in May that an internal audit had disclosed that at least one vendor had used false invoices to fund political causes .
Reprinted by permission .
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords .
James Linsey , a lawyer for the Air Line Pilots Association , said the pilots were extremely pleased .
Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead and then suddenly revived and was passed by the House .
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp .
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it .
`` There seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition .
Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C .
On the fourth `` run '' with the borrowed rod , the experiment began producing excess heat .
Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer .
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term . ''
The picture for China 's exports is just as bleak , mainly because of the domestic credit squeeze .
In other words , environmentalism has created a whole set of vested interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few .
If the Soviets want to be believed , they need to start telling the truth about more than the totally obvious .
`` Nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years , and we 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable parameters of the market . ''
He says that the Chinese never asked him to convey their statements to President Bush , but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so .
With that authority , of course , goes an unambiguous accountability .
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying .
For every dollar earned over $ 8,880 , Social Security recipients lose 50 cents of their Social Security benefits ; it 's like a 50 % marginal tax .
Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat .
They predict that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys ' offices .
On the other hand , the machinists have always opposed majority ownership in principle , saying they do n't think employees should be owners .
`` When stocks stabilized , that was a disappointment . ''
All along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying realities .
The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt .
A star attraction on the national network is the U.S. 's `` Dynasty . '' ...
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product .
Since those bonds already pay a slightly higher yield , an extra premium for the earthquake risk , they were n't materially affected .
Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by Bush to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .
The general public may not know his name , but he 's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles : A marketing consultant , he pioneered slashing ad agency commissions , to the delight of advertising clients and the dismay of agencies .
As reported , PaineWebber bought shares Tuesday as part of a customer strategy shift , although the broker 's client was said then to have been Japanese .
Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer .
By 1995 it will be planted more often than any other apple tree , according to a recent survey of six apple-industry sages by Washington State University horticulturist Robert Norton .
The violent temblor , which lasted about 15 seconds and registered 6.9 on the Richter scale , also caused the collapse of a 30-foot section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge and shook Candlestick Park .
And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season .
As a result , competitors say Renaissance has been looking for any opportunity to return to the stock market , rather than risk losing business by continuing to remain fully invested in Treasury bills .
Tentative reoffering yields were set from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 .
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Capital Cities closed at $ 558.50 , down $ 5 .
Additionally , Moody 's Investors Service said it downgraded Valley National 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of `` not prime . ''
The accord is for a turbogenerator plant at the coal-fired power station Hemweg in Amsterdam .
He said last week 's activity in gold could portend a move to $ 390 an ounce for the December contract .
It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down .
Federal drug regulators , concerned over British reports that diabetics have died after shifting from animal to human-based insulin , say they are considering a study to see if similar deaths have occurred here .
They all attended a meeting in April 1987 questioning why a federal audit of Lincoln S&L had dragged on for two years .
It said it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose , Calif. , seeking a declaration that Quickview 's claims are invalid .
In last week 's House vote , 41 Republicans defected .
Buell recently said it would incur an aftertax charge of about $ 3.6 million in its fourth quarter ending Tuesday , in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant .
`` Absolutely , '' he said .
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage .
But 1991 could be a window for action .
He says individuals should consider not just stocks , but other long-term investments , such as high-quality bonds .
For the nine months , HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million , or $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share .
Mr. Runkel declined to speculate on whether the guidelines would curb racketeering prosecutions against corporate defendants .
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one .
Wall Street is just about ready to line the bird cage with paper stocks .
Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake .
The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes .
LAW FIRM NOTES :
This is slightly adapted from remarks Oct. 7 by former Secretary of State George P. Shultz to an alumni gathering at the Stanford Business School , where he has returned to the faculty :
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share .
But it was opposed by some environmentalists as a threat to Irian Jaya 's forests and a potential source of social unrest for the primitive tribes who inhabit them .
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 .
The pound , which had been trading at about $ 1.6143 in New York prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement , sank more than two cents to $ 1.5930 , prompting the Federal Reserve Bank to buy pounds for dollars .
Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion ( $ 3.2 billion ) deficit in the current account reported for August .
Sales for the year rose almost 15 % to $ 1.34 billion from $ 1.17 billion last year .
Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. .
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada .
Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature -- first in the gentle current of the Orange River that carried the stones from South Africa 's interior , then in the cold surf of the ocean , and finally in the coarse sands of the desert -- 98 % of the diamonds uncovered are of gem quality .
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
-- The construction of this station equal in size to the Egyptian pyramids constituted , I say it directly , a clear violation of ABM .
American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results .
`` On a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , '' said Jack MacAllister , chairman and chief executive officer .
Not that getting into town was easy .
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
In fact , D.T. never left home , Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , but communicated with its human handlers by telephone link .
It was the first time in 20 years that such government bills were defeated .
When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments .
The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live .
`` Clubs need to be run like restaurants where every square foot makes a dollar , '' he says .
`` The opposition can be the most hurt because everyone already figures the LDP is that kind of beast , '' says Shigezo Hayasaka , former aide to LDP kingmaker Kakuei Tanaka and now an independent analyst .
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm .
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will negotiate details of a contract valued at about $ 170 million to provide software for the Ames Research Center .
They also point out that narrowing interest-rate differentials between the U.S. and its major trading partners tend to make the U.S. currency less attractive to foreign investors .
Fashion industry consultants also question whether the company can make significant strides in its women 's business , given that its customer base is less established and that conservative business dress for women is on the decline .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said .
But there is not one shred of evidence that , other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials .
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience .
Yesterday , Armstrong reported flat earnings for the third quarter and nine months , worsened by the stock dilution of an employee stock ownership plan adopted earlier this year .
Wedtech , which became embroiled in political-corruption cases that eventually led to its demise , formerly was a minority-owned South Bronx , N.Y. , defense contractor .
Terms were n't disclosed .
The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday and Monday , or the type of strategies used .
But yesterday , Manhattan Cable announced it will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 to over 230,000 subscribers .
Because of Tuesday 's earthquake in Northern California , company officials could n't immediately be reached for additional comment .
Under the type of transaction being discussed , the pilot-management group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders .
Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year .
Right now about a dozen laboratories , in the U.S. , Canada and Britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes .
Brazilian financier Naji Nahas , who was arrested on Monday after 102 days in hiding , is likely to be interrogated next week by the Brazilian judiciary .
Arthur H. Rosenfeld , previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division , was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division .
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals .
Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett , chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 12 from 11 .
Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos .
A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause `` wide-scale credit deterioration '' for issuers and debt issues in the 12-county area of Northern California affected by the quake .
Union Camp Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 250 million of debt securities .
However , Control Data would continue to provide maintenance services for customers of its Cyber product line .
LIN , which has agreed with BellSouth Corp. to merge their cellular-telephone businesses , said then that it would n't take a position on McCaw 's revised tender offer .
There is no reason that it can not be done for defense planning .
Mr. Fried also is the managing partner of Albert Fried & Co .
Aussedat Rey is a leading French maker of copying and electronic printing paper .
But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % .
He had been president of the international operations .
It took effect after seven years of bitter debate between the Securities and Exchange Commission and traders and exchanges .
Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole .
He has plenty of freedom -- but no choices .
Blue-chip consumer stocks also provided a lift to the industrial average .
That tariff is too stiff for some Financial District wage earners .
Because the funds ' investments are denominated in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar .
Montedison S.p.A. definitively agreed to buy all of the publicly held shares of Erbamont N.V. for $ 37 each .
Bristol-Myers said net income rose 15 % to $ 266.2 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , a year earlier .
Before 1974 , a President could `` impound , '' or refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress .
Oppenheimer 's Mr. Palmero , meanwhile , is steering clear of Gaylord Container , Stone Container and Federal Paper Board .
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces .
During the last two hours of trading , the composite almost drew even on the day before slipping again .
Workers at six mines in Arctic Circle coal fields called strikes over a series of economic and political demands .
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- $ 150 million of 8 1\/2 % bonds due Nov. 22 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 8.54 % at reoffered price , via lead manager JP Morgan Securities Ltd .
The third part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1994 , was priced as 8 1\/4 % securities at 99.672 to yield 8.33 % .
South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes .
Now the ambivalent middle , a moral majority of sorts , is reasserting itself .
Though the market was stronger , dealers said fresh buying interest was sidelined ahead of a potential market-affecting debate in the House of Commons set for Tuesday .
He said his compensation under the Sears contract is `` a multimillion dollar deal .
The industry had shown signs of recovery this summer , after the central bank began to relax its clamp on credit , allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year .
There was no appreciable market impact from the California earthquake .
Bank of England officials said the central bank had no comment on Mr. Lawson 's resignation .
But freight railroads reported that damage to their facilities was relatively minor , with Santa Fe Pacific Corp. 's rail unit the least affected by the quake .
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 .
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council .
`` If one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . ''
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it .
She said copper traders will also be looking toward the release of the index of leading economic indicators next Tuesday .
While a large number of Hong Kong companies have reincorporated offshore ahead of 1997 , such a move is n't an option for Cathay because it would jeopardize its landing rights in Hong Kong .
That 's Chandler 's setup .
His comments were interpreted as a sign that higher interest rates are possible .
The charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years to come .
The Coats bill , which already has 32 Senate co-sponsors , is n't a pure line-item veto because it would apply only to spending bills .
Its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago , but fell short of expectations .
The market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product , due out Thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace .
Revenue was $ 1.79 billion , up 18 % from $ 1.52 billion a year earlier .
An Asian bloc is n't intended , he said .
Indeed , with demand for steel not growing fast enough to absorb capacity , steelmakers will have to change the way they do business .
The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on about $ 650 million of Beatrice Co. debt , citing the closely held Chicago food concern 's proposed recapitalization .
Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period , says Richard Shaw , vice president of U.S. direct marketing .
Continental Bank Corp. 's third-quarter net income slipped 11 % despite a big gain from the sale of the company 's London headquarters building .
One floor trader said that if there were Chinese purchases , they should have had a bigger effect on the market .
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion .
Once the money is raised , it is n't always certain how it is used .
He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million , and UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him .
There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM 's control , such as currency exchange rates .
Then , in the space of a 20-minute coffee break , the average rallied almost all of the way back .
Nearly a third said they have made some portfolio changes to anticipate a possible recession .
Sigmund Levine , Bancroft secretary and treasurer , said the closed-end fund 's directors will consider Mr. Green 's offer in a couple of weeks at a regular meeting .
Any quake-related losses will be reported in the fourth quarter , the company said .
The machinists lobbied heavily against the original bid from UAL pilots and management for the company .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
`` Today of all days , '' she lamented .
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read .
Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Malcolm Forbes , publisher of Forbes magazine ( `` We've been in the columns together '' ) , Mary Boone , a New York art dealer ( `` I think she knows me , but I 'm not sure '' ) and Bridget Fonda , the actress ( `` She knows me , but we 're not really the best of friends '' ) .
The market hovered near Friday 's closing price of 328.85 for about a half hour , moving several index points higher or lower in seconds , then broke higher and did n't look back .
True , the amount of money investors are willing to entrust to their brokers has been growing lately .
He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The Association of Outplacement Consulting Firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 1980 , to $ 350 million a year ... .
In lobbying on other health-coverage topics , the National Federation of Independent Business will press for legislation that would give self-employed people a 100 % tax deduction for their own health plans , up from 25 % currently .
As we know , voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president than in those for Congress .
Smiling broadly when he talks about Mr. Carpenter , Mr. Cathcart says the new Kidder chief is `` going to be recognized shortly as one of the real leaders in the investment-banking business . ''
In a statement that was as close as East Germany gets to practicing `` glasnost '' , Otto Reinhold , an East German party theorist , actually acknowledged the reunification dilemma .
Douglas H. Miller , self-employed in the oil and gas securities business , was named chairman of this oil and gas exploration company , filling a vacancy .
AMR 's chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold .
Zacks Investment Research counts five brokerage houses that consider the stock a buy , and four that call it a hold .
Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul .
Reform starts in the Pentagon .
The decision was announced after trading ended .
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan .
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups .
The government predicts that annual outflows will level off over the next few years at as much as 60,000 -- a projection that is widely regarded as unrealistically low .
In other words , it was offsetting purchases of marks and yen by buying dollars in the domestic money market .
The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans and a letter of credit covering 10 % of the deal from Union Bank of Switzerland .
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . ''
The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties into bankruptcy or new ownership .
Sales rose 2.2 % to $ 711.9 million from $ 696.1 million .
Kerr-McGee said it has purchased 3,350 acres from the federal government in Clark County and plans to begin construction early next year .
Often these closings come after vigorous anti-bike lobbying by conservation organizations , the politically potent Sierra Club among them .
It will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 101 connections .
`` The Fourth Knee Play , '' an interlude from `` Einstein on the Beach , '' is like a toccata but it does n't seem to move much beyond its left-hand ground in `` Three Blind Mice . ''
`` It makes no sense for us to put money at risk when you know you 're going to lose , '' says Mr. Antolini , of Donaldson Lufkin .
The supercomputer , which lists for $ 18.5 million , will be installed in the first quarter of 1990 in the meteorological office 's headquarters in Bracknell , England .
One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be that the proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division at Justice and the Federal Trade Commission .
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . ''
The acquisition boosted Black & Decker 's ratio of debt to total capital to more than 80 % .
An adept bicyclist can leap from a dead stop to the top of a picnic table without losing balance .
Japan 's Finance Ministry strongly denied playing any role in the New York stock-price free fall .
In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls `` the bellwether of privatization . ''
Well , it now turns out that Mrs. Thatcher had to travel across the globe to the 49-member Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur to discomfit the Holy Order of Consensus Builders .
Last year , Du Pont agreed to pay $ 4.5 million for rights to superconductor work at the University of Houston .
While the pound has attempted to stabilize , currency analysts say it is in critical condition .
`` There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , '' said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc .
But front month T-bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . ''
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said .
Rep. Mary Rose Oakar ( D. , Ohio ) at last week 's hearings on irregularities in programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development :
In San Francisco , they argue , an earthquake was a near certainty .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie .
Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions .
State government is more typically split along Republican-governor\/Democratic-legislature lines than the reverse .
Southwood J. Morcott , Dana 's president , said the company 's decision to approve its normal fourth-quarter dividend indicated its underlying strength .
A De Beers spokesman said yesterday the company had offered to increase the minimum wage by 18 % , while the union was demanding 26.6 % .
Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected .
Incrementally higher production of those chemicals which remain in heavy demand also has forced up costs , such as overtime pay .
But the Fed move was a small gesture , traders said .
Gold Texas is based in Vancouver , British Columbia , and Crown Resources is based in Denver .
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters .
The old saying advises : `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . ''
The Ashland , Ky. , oil company reported a $ 38 million charge resulting from settlement of a 10-year dispute with the National Iranian Oil Co. over claims that Ashland did n't pay for Iranian crude it had received .
Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses .
With the exception of van conversions , the industry has seen a decline from 1988 's robust sales .
There were rumors of $ 148-a-share trades .
Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch .
Earlier this month the St. Louis Fed held a conference to assess the system 's first 75 years .
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 .
The airlines presented it as offering consumers more choice and better flight connections .
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders .
The new exchange drew instant recognition from an unwelcome quarter .
At the American Magazine Conference here , publishers are plenty worried about the industry 's woes .
Sandra Swift Parrino
Municipals
She 'll think of an idea the editorial people think is impossible , then she 'll have us make it work . ''
Pricing details were n't available .
Proponents maintain that a president would choose to use a line-item veto more judiciously than that .
Until then , it 's clear that some of the people who 've been keeping big-city schools down are going to be dealing with the Terminator .
Teleflora will run TV ads at Valentine 's Day promoting its `` Snoopy 's Love Bouquet . ''
People will say that the nation and the government have other objectives , in addition to stabilizing the price level , which is true .
According to Ned Davis , president of Ned Davis Research Inc. in Nokomis , Fla. , the average drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average was about 21 % , and the decrease began an average of six months before a recession officially started .
Yesterday , it provided the details :
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts .
But when the judge received his payment book , he disavowed the deal .
One building in Palo Alto may be damaged beyond repair .
Since they have a lower interest rate , they would n't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility .
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year .
The models , which cost about $ 75,000 each , will be used in research .
In Connecticut , however , most state judges are appointed by the governor and approved by the state legislature .
The rest ought to be used to clean out drugs from the neighbhorhoods .
It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee .
After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 .
After an 88-year absence from the birthplace of the family banking empire , the return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of television lights , curious reporters and a mayoral reception in Town Hall .
So far , one test of restricting dual trading has worked well .
Richard J. Pinola was elected to the board of this personnel consulting concern , increasing its size to nine members .
Many of us are suckers .
You might call it a leitmotif or a virtuoso accomplishment .
The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence .
There is a more descriptive word to describe his lapse of common sense .
`` You are talking about a couple hundred thousand a year , '' said Bob Barber , an auto-industry analyst at U.K. brokerage James Capel & Co .
Changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of inexperienced Soviet players , many who promise more than they can deliver .
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers .
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month .
The Federal Communications Commission allowed American Telephone & Telegraph Co. to continue offering discount phone services for large-business customers and said it would soon re-examine its regulation of the long-distance market .
Bonds due 2003 , 2004 and 2015 are n't being formally reoffered .
But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped .
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise .
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp , Armonk , N.Y. , maker of business machines , NYSE , said flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant , which makes high-end data-storage devices .
The union also ceded the 2 % commission it had received on all Pemex maintenance contracts .
ShowBiz Pizza Time gained 1 1\/2 to 13 .
In the past 20 months alone , Paul E. Lego , president and chief operating officer , said the divestiture of $ 300 million of slow-growth , low-profit businesses has been more than offset by $ 600 million in profitable acquisitions .
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members .
Per-share earnings : Loss of 8 cents vs. loss of 9 cents
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction .
But approval is almost certain since Mr. Rey and a friendly Adia management are in control .
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 .
The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
That 's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company 's bullish expectations .
The offering , Series 1989-83 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities .
Under his watch , office politicking was often rampant in the agency 's New York operation and the office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year .
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings .
Now the assault is on , '' said one top trader .
Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 and 800,000 vehicles annually , and Renault and DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % .
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares .
Systemwide , IATA airlines carried 632 million passengers last year , 2 % more than in 1987 .
But Mr. Guber indicates in his affidavit that not all of the projects will be used .
Eventually , Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft .
Your Oct. 2 editorial `` Reding , Wrighting & Erithmatic '' on the recent `` education summit '' was like most pieces on the subject of education : It had little to say .
Who is going to carry the water ? ' ''
Tuesday , Nov. 7 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Hurricane ! ''
We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some .
In a move that complements the company 's basic strategy , its Westmoreland Energy Inc. unit is developing four coal-fired cogeneration plants with a partner in Virginia .
Among the biggest winners were brokerage-house stocks , responding to heavy trading volume .
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey this year found that most consumers switch brands for many of the products they use .
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia .
Perhaps most important , Carl Icahn , who had once threatened a hostile takeover bid , was subdued .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17.01 points to 2596.72 in active trading .
At Wells Rich , Ms. Heller will concentrate on accounts that include Philip Morris 's Benson & Hedges cigarette brand , which relies on print ads , Ms. Heller 's specialty .
Under current law , such suspects are immune from prosecution for acts committed while not British citizens .
Some tariffs were eliminated when the trade pact took effect Jan. 1 .
A Continental spokeswoman said the notes may be offered at a later date .
The first GAF trial ended in a mistrial after four weeks when U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe found that a prosecutor improperly , but unintentionally , withheld a document .
Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid .
The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as sales , marketing , finance and research and development , Mr. Lane said .
Earlier this year , the U.S. complained that Japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities .
DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES Inc. said it offered $ 50 million of 9 1\/2 % debentures due 2001 at par .
`` And you did n't want me to buy earthquake insurance , '' says Mrs. Hammack , reaching across the table and gently tapping his hand .
Election analysts acknowledge that a `` Red-Green '' coalition of Social Democrats and Greens could edge out Chancellor Kohl 's coalition in the December 1990 national election if support for the Republicans continues to spread .
Before the recent tumult in global financial markets , B.A.T officials , holders and analysts had expected a substantial part of the restructuring to be complete by the end of the first half .
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant .
But James Madison refuted that argument in one of the most celebrated political treatises ever written , No. 10 of the Federalist Papers .
Viroqua serves about 3,000 access lines in western Wisconsin .
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said .
It just means that Hong Kong would become a less exciting place . ''
Mr. Ginn said the company 's cellular operations now serve about 341,000 customers , up 46 % from a year ago .
Most insurers already have mobilized their `` catastrophe '' teams to begin processing claims from their policyholders in northern California .
Everyone falls in love with everyone else .
The secretary is the world 's biggest borrower of money .
Also , profit was hurt by the strength of the dollar overseas which negatively affected the company 's currency-exchange rate .
Robert Delaney , a consultant at Arthur D. Little Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , said `` We 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions .
P&G , in fact , is noted for gaining market leadership by introducing products that offer a technical edge over the competition .
Some of the utility 's employees may opt for a four-day workweek , 10 hours a day , to cut the commute by 20 % .
`` You can be wicked , but not foolish , '' says Mr. Mankiewicz .
Red tape is the bugaboo of small business .
Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica , funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America ( VOA ) .
The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway .
The finding riveted medicine .
It would make sense for somebody to do it .
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business .
Several cotton analysts said that the move appeared to be mostly technical .
Offices were closed yesterday .
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president .
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months .
Currently , if the person taping is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line .
Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of $ 19.4 million , or 74 cents a share , for the third quarter , which was burdened by severance costs and the expense of upgrading its database software inventories .
But he said Akzo is considering `` alliances '' with American drug companies , although he would n't elaborate .
One suit , filed by more than three dozen investors , charges that Mr. Peterson misused much of the $ 9.7 million put into a limited partnership that he operated and promoted , spending some of it to pay his own legal bills and to invest in other companies in which he had an interest .
SUGAR :
The league organizers seem more a fit with a convention next door of young aerobics instructors in leotards than the beefy union leaders ; `` I wish I could go work out , '' says a slim activist .
WITHHOLDING RULES :
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests .
These were only two of a series of fabrications that had , in Judge Kozinski 's words , the cumulative effect of making Mr. Masson `` appear more arrogant , less sensitive , shallower , more self-aggrandizing , and less in touch with reality than he appears from his own statements . ''
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs .
That introduction comes only two weeks after Compaq Computer Corp. , believing it had a lead of three to six months on competitors , introduced the first U.S. notebook computer with such features .
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one-time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case .
Pro-life advocates say the White House never wavered over the veto .
An important part of my effort has been to understand the science so I can explain it to corporate colleagues facing major changes in product design .
The Bay Area Rapid Transit system , which runs subway trains beneath the bay , is braced for a doubling of its daily regular ridership to 300,000 .
When most spectators thought its position hopeless , the computer thought it was only , in effect , one-half of a pawn down .
`` Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler .
Insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from Chubb , coming on the heels of speculation that last week 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area would lead to higher premium rates .
Folks in the Midwest who just suffered a mid-October snowstorm may wonder where the greenhouse was when they needed it , but let 's not be flippant about grave risks .
They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation , and recommend ways to soften the social consequences .
Especially at times like these , when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect , too many people chase the promise of above-market returns without fully appreciating the risk .
The wholesale price index stood at 89.6 ( 1985 equals 100 ) .
There are the strict monetarists , who believe that floating exchange rates free an economy to stabilize its price level by stabilizing the monetary aggregates .
The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away .
A similiar proposal has been made in the W. Herbert Hunt case although he and the IRS are at odds over the size of the non-dischargable debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings .
This service identifies each caller 's phone number , and it can be used to generate instant mailing lists .
`` Those who testified { yesterday } have consistently maintained that anyone who did n't agree with them is part of a coverup , a whitewash , or the subject of excessive influence , '' Mr. Bickwit said .
`` It s almost product de jour , '' grouses one account executive at Dean Witter .
At least some economists , of course , would argue that inflation deserves a lot of emphasis .
While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million .
The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year .
Mr. Foley of Lloyds noted that Mr. Lawson 's replacement , John Major , the British foreign minister , will take time to establish his credibility and , in the meantime , sterling could trend downward in volatile trade .
`` Payments are good right now , but we are n't recommending any long-term lines of credit , '' says Richard Hastings , a retail credit analyst , referring to credit lines which make inventory purchases automatic .
Analysts also say it 's inevitable that Brazil will seek to renegotiate its $ 115 billion foreign debt , on which it suspended interest payments last month .
Larry Biehl , a money manager in San Mateo , Calif. , blames that on the advent of program trading , in which computers used by big institutional investors are programmed to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail .
Knight-Ridder Inc. said third-quarter earnings jumped 18 % , partly because of the sale of two of its media properties .
Revenue for the year fell 13 % to $ 122.7 million .
Investors rushed to buy bonds during the summer as prices soared on speculation that interest rates would continue to fall .
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
`` Junk bonds are a highly stratified market , '' said Lewis Glucksman , vice chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern .
Revenue rose 8.3 % to $ 780 million from $ 720 million .
The implication that I was pushed aside would n't be accurate , '' Mr. Roman said .
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's restated commitment to a firm monetary policy has helped to prevent a freefall in sterling over the past week .
The Fed has allowed a key short-term interest rate to decline about one-quarter percentage point .
That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May .
Litigation Sciences does n't make moral distinctions .
Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories and Court appointments , the contingency plans in place , and Mr. Bork 's paper trail of vulnerable writings , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed .
Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use .
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . ''
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards .
It said it expects net to rise to 11 billion yen from 8.22 billion yen .
Last week 's best and worst performing stocks among those issues that make up 80 % of the world 's stock market capitalization ( in local currency )
Combined revenue for the latest quarter of Time Warner was $ 2.2 billion , compared with the year-ago Time revenue of $ 1.1 billion .
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity .
The syndicate , led by Schroders Asia Ltd. , agreed last November to provide the loan to Asia Development Corp. , a U.S. property developer .
`` The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , '' said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp .
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , fulfilling its dismal earnings forecast for 1989 , said its third-quarter net income fell 68 % on flat revenue .
Sun Microsystems Inc. , a computer maker , announced the effectiveness of its registration statement for $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 .
Tosco Corp. jumped $ 1.125 to $ 20.125 and Chevron Corp. , despite a temporary pipeline shutdown , rose $ 1 to $ 65 .
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months .
But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 .
So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight .
But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses .
The city 's Office of Promotion plans media events to welcome its successor .
Managers who retire Dec. 30 will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 65 , whichever comes earlier .
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline .
Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January .
Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says .
It has relinquished a golden share only once before -- during British Petroleum Co. 's # 2.5 billion ( $ 4 billion ) takeover of Britoil PLC in 1988 .
Although , like all scientific theories , it had its initial opponents , few experts question the connection now .
So far , however , Sony has n't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands .
Because only a fraction of them are ever prosecuted , nobody really knows how much money bogus telemarketing operators really harvest .
Here , they are searching for a higher price .
However , there 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers and the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might .
By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures .
Friday 's big fall was `` just a blunder by the stock market , '' says John Connolly , chief strategist for Dean Witter .
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick .
In most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges .
Morgan Grenfell , which has been mentioned in takeover rumors , rose 20 to 392 pence ( $ 6.18 ) a share .
`` Things are beginning to settle down .
`` The contract is definitely important to the exchange , '' says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission .
Gallery directors , meanwhile , say Mr. Paul and others of his ilk have left an indelible mark on the art world -- and not for the better .
That 's a question a lot of people are asking , following the stock market 's stunning display of volatility .
In 1984 , the Congress ( I ) captured 405 seats , the largest victory in the history of Indian democracy .
Many American church-owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct .
Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
I was shaking the whole time . ''
The conservative bent of the incumbent appointees , named by former President Reagan , has divided Republicans .
Nissan hopes that that will start to change this fall , with its new version of the Stanza compact sedan .
\* Includes $ 1.29 billion extraordinary charge .
Mr. Gintel has filed suit in Delaware Chancery Court , seeking to block Xtra 's anti-takeover tactic .
Genentech Inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million , or 13 cents a share , from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million , or six cents a share .
But his fans , to his constant amazement , never let him forget the famous four-bagger .
Instead of realizing his mistake in letting the exchange rate dominate both British economic policy and Mrs. Thatcher 's political fortune , Mr. Lawson pushed for tying the pound formally to the mark by entering the European Monetary System , which subordinates all member currencies to German monetary policy .
Communications Director
Proceeds will be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , as previously announced .
Meanwhile , the Kabul regime is increasingly successful at portraying the resistance as bloody-minded fanatics .
Among the other actively traded blue-chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 .
That show , whose host is Ms. Chung 's husband , Maury Povich , has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case , the Rob Lowe tapes , what have you .
Stocks\/Mutual Funds : Stocks and mutual funds other than money-market funds .
A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines .
The only way you can make it a big deal is to draw linkages that just do n't make sense . ''
Greenville , Miss .
Second quarter , June 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : $ 6.52 vs. $ 5.77
Magnetic brain tweaking started in the early 1900s , when researchers produced flashes of light in the visual field with magnets .
`` But that partner is n't Fiat . ''
Under traditional legal theories , inability to prove which company manufactured a drug that caused an injury or death would lead to the lawsuit being dismissed .
The playoff series had riveted the 12-year-old Giants fan .
He predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with `` some kind of unique product or franchise '' that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum .
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year .
But if I feel that there are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question , I 've got to tell you , I think that 's outrageous . .
`` But they did n't have to choose this particular moment . ''
This is clearly not good news to all you people who sleep like babies every night , lulled by visions of your money sitting risk-free in six-month CDs .
Private companies , and ultimately their customers , will end up footing the huge bill .
The obvious reason was ( for British Air ) to buy a stake in United Airlines . ''
Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal .
`` We just do n't have the staff to { deliver } it , nor do we have the space or the time , '' says a spokesman for the Schaumburg , Ill. , electronics company , which has 5,000 employees in the Austin area .
That reassessment resulted in continuing asset sales , as well as write-offs exceeding A$ 1.1 billion last fiscal year .
This , he warned , would prevent these countries from bridging the difference with their richer EC brethren .
In New York society , Pat Buckley , the very social wife of author William Buckley , has the nicknames `` Mrs. Buckles '' and `` Patsy . ''
The White House has decided to seek changes in pesticide law that are aimed at speeding the removal of harmful chemicals from the food supply .
And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers .
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 .
His contract makes him `` exclusive '' spokesman for Sears 's home improvement marketing campaigns .
Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving .
He retains his titles of president and chief operating officer and succeeds as chief executive Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board .
Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work , but when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials `` did n't laugh at me or anything .
`` I still think the woman has the right to do with her body as she pleases , '' he says .
Shin Yonehara , a research scientist at the Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science , said the antibody he discovered works by recognizing an antigen called a Fas-antigen , which is characteristic of an infected cell .
Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past .
Yield on the issue was 7.88 % .
`` You can think long range . ''
At the auction of six-month U.S. Treasury bills on Monday , the average yield fell to 7.61 % from 7.82 % .
The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same spot as p53 .
`` But people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , '' says Jack Utter , who manages the high-yield fund of IDS Financial Services .
As described in `` The New Crowd , '' they take on ambitious new wives , move to Greenwich , Conn. , or Bedford , N.Y. , buy OK pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with decorators .
He said the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again .
In the new show , he said , `` we 're going to spend $ 60,000 building a start-up house '' for a young couple .
Mr. Baker says he has personally bested more than 50 haunts , from aliens to poltergeists .
The finance unit attributed the decline to higher borrowing costs compared with a year earlier .
In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for `` prompt and lasting national solutions '' to rising health-care costs .
T. Rowe Price is an investment adviser to mutual funds , institutions and individuals .
You 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity . ''
This maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common priced at $ 10 a share in an initial public offering .
GenProbe had a net loss of $ 9.5 million on revenue of $ 5.8 million .
It 's ridiculous for a family with taxable income of $ 50,000 to pay the same 28 % incremental tax rate as a family with taxable income of $ 250,000 .
He succeeds William Kohut , who resigned earlier this year .
That group includes banks and bondholders , who have claims of $ 150 million and $ 350 million respectively .
Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks .
`` I never thought it would become so momentous , '' Bobby remarked .
In any case , says Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute , `` We 're witnessing the discovery of one of the most important steps in the genesis of cancer .
Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal .
Civilized discourse and an environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture abetted by superficial media interviews .
They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .
Probably the most clear-cut Soviet violation , for example , is the Krasnoyarsk radar .
We have a major problem , and that problem is volatility . ''
Although the June 4 killings in Beijing have hurt its China flights , Cathay 's other routes have retained high load factors .
The measure includes $ 2 million secured by Mr. Rudman for a marine-research project at the University of New Hampshire , and Sen. Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C . ) used his power to add $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative in the Commerce Department .
One is a strong , vigorous portrayal of Shakespeare 's play ; the other is director Gregory Boyd 's overlay of present-day punk rock decadence on old Vienna .
Pitcher = lanzador .
Along with two larger models , the company claims 18 % of the domestic market .
For the nine months , the Arlington , Va. , company 's net plunged 73 % to $ 38.5 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share .
Then he sent the pooch 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` Boris ` Bo ' Regaard '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . )
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses .
And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is `` a sound marketing decision .
`` You ca n't hire competent Americans and say , ` Let them run only their own show , ' '' says Vladimir Pucik , who headed the study run with Egon Zehnder International , a search firm .
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .
Soldiers and sailors are still measured in inches and pounds .
We hear , we may think , inner voices , but they all seem to be saying the same thing .
Assuming that he paid a rough average price of $ 80 a share , and assuming he did n't sell before his announcement reached the market , Mr. Trump could be sitting with a modest loss with the stock at $ 76.50 .
The Staar board also said that John R. Ford resigned as a director , and that Mr. Wolf was named a member of the board .
Successful American business owners do the same thing .
After the announcement of the bankruptcy filing , Qintex Entertainment stock sank $ 2.625 in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 1.50 on heavy volume of more than 1.4 million shares .
They do n't even want to talk to you .
The Fed 's stock market role ought not to be very ambitious .
After an internal investigation , the company found that senior officials used a variety of schemes to fabricate sales gains , including counting shipments of bricks and defective drives as sales .
The company said it amended its shareholder rights plan by reducing to 10 % from 20 % the level of ownership by an outsider that would trigger the issuance to other holders of rights to buy additional shares of Nashua common at half price .
I think the market is in good shape .
On the other hand , so long as Mr. Gorbachev is easing his grip on his empire , everyone we 've heard agrees that the U.S. can benefit by engaging him .
`` Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . ''
The market for export financing was liberalized in the mid-1980s , however , forcing the bank to face competition .
Analysts say the opposition will struggle this week to unite , and its success will be clear only when it announces its final list of parliamentary candidates .
But in the months since then , while trying to drum up support for other issues -- such as an anti-flag-burning constitutional amendment -- he has shied away from talking about abortion .
It is quite unfortunate that you failed so miserably in reporting the Hurricane Hugo disaster .
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 .
`` The SEC has historically paid obeisance to the ideal of a level playing field , '' wrote Clyde S. McGregor of Winnetka , Ill. , in one of the 92 letters the agency has received since the changes were proposed Aug. 17 .
A spokesman for Dean Witter , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , declined to comment .
They have even sent helicopters in pursuit of bikers after hikers and equestrians complained they were being driven from trails .
Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas .
However , the only outsider who has emerged to lead such a shareholder vote , Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , who triggered the buy-out with a $ 5.4 billion bid in early August , is hanging back -- apparently to avoid being blamed for contributing to the deal 's collapse .
It recently introduced a line for the home market .
Governments have become sophisticated in handling moments of panic ( a word the London Times forbade my father to use when he was reporting the Wall Street crash in 1929 ) .
In the newspapers , on the radio and TV , psyllium is everywhere . ''
At a stroke , this may criminalize all fiduciary breaches ( and possibly all misrepresentations by an agent or employee ) .
Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC , the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid , withdrew its support .
To the extent that the $ 150 million budget will allow it , Mr. McDonough will rely on solid wood , rather than plywood or particle board , to limit the emission of formaldehyde .
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
After days of intense but fruitless negotiations , a federal judge last week threatened to convert William Herbert Hunt 's Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy case into a Chapter 7 liquidation .
Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990 , when a service called `` automatic number information '' will become widely available .
West German government officials and Western analysts are doubtful .
Sen. Pete Domenici ( R. , N.M. ) , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , used his influence to preserve more than $ 132,000 in subsidies for air service to Sante Fe , N.M. , and more than $ 2.1 million would go for service to eight communities in the western Nebraska district of GOP Rep. Virginia Smith on the House Appropriations Committee .
Even Ms. Johnson herself made that assumption .
Eddie Mahe , a Republican consultant , says the two GOP candidates could have avoided trouble if they had framed the issue first .
Detrex is setting aside $ 3.1 million for the cleanup , but said the reserve reduced its quarterly income by only $ 1.9 million because of tax considerations .
Mr. Miller , who has been a Coda director , also was named chief executive officer , succeeding Ted Eubank , who remains president and chief operating officer .
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich .
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share .
But Clark flied out to short right field and Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson as 62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one .
The technology at issue `` is not an underlying technology of HyperCard to my knowledge , '' said Danny Goodman , a San Francisco-area HyperCard program developer .
This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms .
Western Union had said two weeks ago that it might withdraw the pending offer , which would have replaced $ 500 million in so-called reset notes , now paying 19.25 % annual interest and set to come due in 1992 , with two new issues paying lower interest .
`` We 've done a lot to improve { U.S. . } results , and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said .
Eagle 's plastic type sharpens and looks like a wooden pencil .
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said .
But it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders .
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture .
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each .
Her challenge is to keep her fledgling empire on top in the 1990s .
Part of a Series }
Currently only one in 38 South Koreans owns a car , up from one in 200 a decade ago .
The main reason : salmonella .
A few days later , American Medical announced sharply lower earnings , taking charges of $ 24 million for insurance reserves and canceled real estate leases .
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation .
One article recounted a decade-long struggle by a wounded soldier to prove , officially , he was alive .
Both the House and Senate bills to reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan would eliminate the cap on doctor 's bills .
`` If that gets people excited , it could serve as an impetus to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added .
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . ''
A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to , without having to answer to the public .
`` This city already has too many tourists , and it ca n't hold them all , '' says Pierluigi Beggiato , the president of the Venice hoteliers association .
The combination of lower rates and fewer loopholes has meant that the so-called average effective tax rate -- the rate actually paid -- of the 250 corporations surveyed reached 26.5 % in 1988 , compared with 14.3 % in the years from 1981 through 1985 , according to the study .
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation .
Excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million , or 87 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million , or 84 cents a share .
In addition to the stock and 20 % of Manville 's profits beginning in 1992 , the trust is supposed to receive $ 2.5 billion over its 27-year life .
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc .
That would leave Mrs. Thatcher little room for maneuver .
`` I 've got 70 kinds of apples .
`` Nope , we still say to stick with Treasurys , '' Mr. Corcoran replies .
Members of Congress have proposed restricting dual trading in bills to reauthorize CFTC operations .
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops .
The jewelry chain , which is based in Sacramento , Calif. , had revenue of $ 62 million and operating profit of $ 2.5 million for the year ended June 30 .
Once activated , the card would sit in the car 's window , showing traffic wardens how much time the motorist could remain .
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life .
That would be comforting to fixed-income investors , many of whom were badly burned in the third quarter by incorrectly assuming that the Fed would ease .
`` One thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that Congress will do stupid things with the Tax Code . ''
But the ad also mentions Sears 's sales -- a topic that the retailer has avoided since switching to everyday pricing .
`` This is an exceptionally odd takeover battle , '' says London analyst Christopher Will of Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Seagram closed at $ 84.75 , up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading .
For example , a group of long-term Treasury bonds tracked by Merrill Lynch & Co. produced a total return of 1 % in the first quarter , 12.45 % in the second quarter and -0.06 % in the third quarter .
Fees 1 1\/4 .
Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago , urged peace , negotiation and discipline .
But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes .
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Scores of other credit programs , subsidizing agriculture , small business , exporters , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape .
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline .
In the 1988 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 140.1 million .
But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL and British Airways or another U.K. carrier .
Mr. Shiflett is an editorial writer for the Rocky Mountain News .
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders .
DEFERRED ANNUITIES :
To take advantage of local expertise and custom , the study said , Congress should require each of the 94 federal district courts to adopt its own plan to speed the handling of civil suits and to reduce the high costs in civil cases .
11:54 p.m .
`` After a few years , you can argue there has been natural appreciation , '' says Susan Theran , the publisher of Leonard 's Annual Price Index of Art Auctions .
Mercedes-Benz also agreed to pay taxes owed for the years 1986 through 1988 , Mr. Kidder added .
In a free country , the law should restrict citizens as little as is consistent with good manners and public safety .
But Dale Irvine , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas .
Boeing Co. , already struck by its Machinists union , briefly called off contract talks with its engineers and labeled their demands `` grossly excessive . ''
He is ogling the curtains rippling above the ventilation ducts .
Mr. Carter is a political commentator who heads a television production firm .
Then , by voice vote , the Senate voted a pork-barrel bill , approved Thursday by the House , for domestic military construction .
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it .
Citizens First Bancorp . Inc. said it agreed to buy Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. , a Succasunna , N.J. , bank holding company , for about $ 50.6 million in cash and stock .
McDonald 's has long-term debt equaling 91 % of shareholder equity currently , but Mr. Kerschner said the company is carrying real estate assets at about $ 2.6 billion below their real value .
We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . ''
Ohio Casualty dropped 2 1\/8 to 49 1\/2 .
Politrick
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks .
Technology stocks , says Mr. Goldman .
He succeeds Roger Kimmel , who resigned last week saying his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA Communications Co. was no longer necessary .
The yield on the Treasury 's 30-year issue fell slightly to 8.03 % .
Mr. Durkin doubts that `` there is some magic level '' at which the ratio of installment debt to disposable income `` indicates economic problems . ''
That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys and 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys .
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows .
Mr. Oriani said his skepticism of the Utah claims was initially confirmed when his first experiments last spring failed to produce results .
Mr. Falco continues to rank the stock a longterm buy .
The Camden County congressman still carries himself with a trademark `` I'm-coming-down-your-throat '' intensity , but at a pause in Newark 's Columbus Day parade recently , he was dancing with his wife in the middle of the avenue in the city 's old Italian-American ward .
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars .
Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas or oil rise sharply or if utilities , which have been pressured by regulators to keep down rates , are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity .
Capitalizing on that presence , Western Digital is launching a major effort to develop the embryonic reseller market in Europe .
Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992 , collecting energy from the planet 's gravitational field to gain momentum for its trip to Jupiter .
He says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months .
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed .
( The companion tax-exempt funds add $ 71 billion . )
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated that damages to the city total $ 2 billion .
Mr. Tyszkiewicz said the charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain , Greece and Portugal at a disadvantage .
The Dallas Cowboys are looking at a long-yardage situation , struggling to pull ahead of the Atlanta Falcons .
Some gripes about red tape are predictable : Architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules .
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress ( I ) Party control of the government .
Mr. Cathcart says he has had `` a lot of fun '' at Kidder , adding the crack about his being a `` tool-and-die man '' never bothered him .
`` Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , '' he said .
He adds , however , that `` the momentum we have generated is unstoppable .
`` But that 's just the time when you should be buying them . ''
The uninsured subordinate lien bonds are n't rated , according to the lead underwriter .
Unfortunately , the toxin is also poisonous .
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . ''
Mr. Wynn seems confident that it will produce a healthy profit , but some securities analysts doubt it .
UAL skidded 21 5\/8 to 168 1\/2 on 2.2 million shares .
Some industry observers say that Mitsukoshi 's classy image makes it a possible match for Saks Fifth Avenue .
The report laid the blame on speculators , who it said had pushed land prices up ninefold .
You see , I know my father would have wished me to carry on just now . ''
Still , says John Sullivan , a management recruiter with Daniel Roberts Inc. of Boston , who has held senior sales positions at Polaroid and Atari : `` The customer will react to strength .
At least six of the deaths occurred among relatively young diabetics who had switched from animal to human insulin within the past year , he said .
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower .
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney , an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young , a major accounting , tax and management consulting firm .
The opinion is largely based on the company 's earnings momentum , Mr. Hallingby says .
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service .
The latest two-year notes were quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 7.84 % .
After the close of trading Friday , the Agriculture Department reported that feedlots in the 13 biggest ranch states held 8.06 million cattle on Oct. 1 , down 6 % from that date a year earlier .
But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain .
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high .
Based on the current number of La Jolla shares , that gives the transaction a value of $ 104 million .
Tokyo stocks rebounded Tuesday from two consecutive daily losses in relatively active dealings .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.59 % .
Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked .
The IRS operates on a computer system designed in 1961 , which it has been trying to modernize for years .
That 's the dilemma for today 's parent .
The animals ' point of view . ''
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run horizontally through the column , said Leo Parker , a structural engineer in Los Angeles .
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. shareholders approved a 1-for-10 consolidation of the company 's common stock at a special meeting .
In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday .
Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses .
The size of the issue was scaled back from an originally planned $ 350 million .
When the computers say `` sell , '' the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
Mr. Koch already has announced he will drop 3,200 jobs from the city payroll , but that wo n't be enough .
They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change .
Israel provided the State Department with a list of recent alleged terrorist incidents attributed to forces controlled by Arafat , but the U.S. said it was n't satisfied that the incidents constituted terrorism .
It named a new chief executive officer , former IMS International head Robert Louis-Dreyfus .
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . ''
The committee has two groups of experts it calls on to analyze Eastern 's plans .
Years later , with cash from the sale of the insurance company , he founded Arkoma Production Corp. , an oil and gas exploration company based in Little Rock .
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S.
`` What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that .
Mr. Guber , by contrast , has been married to one woman for more than 20 years .
That announcement was roundly criticized by Mayor Koch -- who has endorsed Mr. Dinkins -- because the city faces a garbage crisis and has already spent $ 5 million planning for an incinerator that would be scrapped under Mr. Dinkins 's proposal .
The studio says it stuck with them `` even in the early years when the creative partnership was not particularly profitable for Warner . ''
Atlantic Richfield
This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group , announced the following appointments at its merchant-banking subsidiary Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd .
Mr. Barr said yesterday 's plea by Gulf Power , which came after months of negotiations , was based on evidence that Gulf Power had set up an elaborate payment system through which it reimbursed outside vendors -- primarily three Florida advertising agencies -- for making illegal political contributions on its behalf .
In return , Mr. Craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing payola probe , says a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office .
Ronald I. Mandle , analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , called Citicorp 's venture-capital gains of $ 93 million before taxes `` strong . ''
They also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers who temporarily replace employees on parental leave .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered .
Mr. Lorenzo told reporters the reorganization Eastern is pursuing would create a carrier 85 % to 90 % of the size of the pre-bankruptcy Eastern .
A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by , headphones jauntily in place , weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses .
But Merrill Lynch , in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage , suggested that the current debate has missed the mark .
The West German national air carrier said cargo volume jumped 12 % to 638,000 metric tons from 569,000 tons a year ago .
Brown had no proof ; but testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible .
That 's the market . ''
Pinnacle West Capital , whose earnings have been hurt by continued problems at its MeraBank unit , fell 1 5\/8 to 9 1\/8 on 2.1 million shares to lead the Big Board 's list of most active issues .
According to the Soviet news agency Tass , `` Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of { East } Germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR { German Democratic Republic } encountered . ''
But let Stevens continue in his unwitting comic manner ( his conscious efforts at `` banter '' always fail -- most comically ) : `` This whole question is very akin to the question that has caused much debate in our profession over the years : what is a ` great ' butler ? ''
Japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , Wacoal Corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years .
They are also indirectly subject to approval by the state of New Hampshire , where residents fear soaring rates to pay for the cost of reorganization .
And when many firms had to `` pay up , '' Monday 's sudden rally was sparked .
Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital .
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed .
Not to be outdone , George Bush wants CFCs banished altogether by the year 2000 , a goal endorsed at an 80-nation U.N. environmental meeting in Helsinki in the spring .
Jerome J. Jahn , executive vice president and chief financial officer , said Mr. Rubendall was resigning by `` mutual agreement '' with the board .
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement .
Worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so , but are resold eventually ( because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . ) to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage and needed repairs ; and having little vested interest that buyer will walk away and the vicious cycle repeats itself all over again .
Fees 1 7\/8 .
AYER TALKS :
( Accessories , largely for mountain-bike users , account for much of the rest of sales . )
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts .
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? ''
Reds and yellows went about their business with a kind of measured grimness .
They note that when an unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap in August was reported earlier this month , hopes for a sustained narrowing of the trade deficit were dashed and sentiment gripped the market that the U.S. economy was losing its momentum .
z - Not available .
`` As far as we 're concerned , we 're waiting for the dust to settle , '' he said .
AT&T applauded the FCC 's actions .
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion .
That 's because airline earnings , like those of auto makers , have been subject to the cyclical ups-and-downs of the economy .
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said for a rally to occur , there must be demand from the Far East .
He said traders should be on the lookout for how metals producers react to this rally .
Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 for the buy-back .
`` Even before the market drop , rates were down about half a percentage point , '' said Robert J. Hutchinson , senior vice president for retail marketing at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in New York .
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange margins for the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures stood at $ 10,000 a contract for speculators and $ 5,000 for hedgers before Oct. 16 , 1987 ; that day the hedging margin was raised to $ 7,500 .
Union Federal , a federally insured savings bank , has $ 2.4 billion in assets .
`` Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed , but the list of closings changes about every 20 minutes .
Manufacturers ' stocks fattened at an $ 18.4 billion annual rate , up from $ 8.3 billion .
`` In this market of 40 channels , sophisticated viewers and the remote control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , '' ESPN 's Mr. Werner says .
President Bush signed a disaster declaration covering seven Northern California counties .
Most also were relatively undercapitalized compared with the size of most Wall Street securities firms .
Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb .
Municipals
By the time a recession is `` official '' ( two consecutive quarters of declining gross national product ) , much of the damage to stocks has already been done - and , in the typical case , the recession is already half over .
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group .
The $ 2.25 billion value claimed by Northeast , based in Hartford , Conn. , is the highest yet given to a bid .
Nestle currently has only about a 2 % share with its Taster 's Choice coffee .
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter .
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday .
Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $ 5 billion .
In East Germany , where humor has long been the only way to express political criticism , they 're not laughing about their new leader Egon Krenz .
`` Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust . ''
Santa Fe Pacific directors are expected to review the plan at a meeting today , according to people familiar with the transaction .
Final approval was on a 67-31 roll call in the Senate , which sets the stage for a veto confrontation with Mr. Bush over the issue of publicly financed abortions for poor women .
The theft was discovered early this year , soon after Ms. Hammond took her post .
You just call your broker and say `` buy '' or `` sell . ''
Still , Unisys said its European business was weak during the quarter , a worrisome sign given that the company has relied on solid results overseas to overcome weakness in the U.S. over the past several quarters .
They noted that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility .
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July .
The scars will be here years after the polls close . ''
The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
'' ( Investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . )
Listeners turned to radios run on batteries for news when the San Francisco earthquake and Hurricane Hugo cut power lines .
If all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a Coke spokesman said .
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger .
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged .
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry .
In another sign of glasnost , Alexander Solzhenitsyn 's long-banned chronicle of Soviet repression , `` The Gulag Archipelago , '' is now recommended reading in one 11th-grade Moscow history class ... .
Mr. Della Femina says he plans to remain heavily involved in the creative product at the world-wide agency , serving as a sort of `` creative conscience . ''
Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West and are well-educated , affluent and , especially , young .
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher might , however , be receptive to any request by Jaguar Chairman Sir John Egan for the restriction 's early removal to let GM amass more than 15 % or mount a friendly suitor bid against Ford .
The carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its American counterparts .
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument .
SKF said demand for the group 's main product , rolling bearings , remained favorable in Europe , which accounts for slightly more than two-thirds of group sales .
The suit accuses the retailer and several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs .
Both reflect the dismissal of lower-level and shorter-tenure executives .
Paper work on how it was spent is incomplete .
Like thousands of salespeople before them , Wang 's are finding ways to combat the bad news .
In April , when many of them bought their CDs , six-month certificates were yielding more than 9 % ; investors willing to look could find double-digit yields at some banks and thrifts .
Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion .
In the year-ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt .
Nick Cortese thinks that 's what happened to him .
Robert F. Singleton , Knight-Ridder 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only single-digit growth in newspaper revenue .
The # 76.6 million ( $ 120.6 million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ 252 million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million .
The aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations .
William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here .
Paul Padget
And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide .
A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales and only slightly higher earnings in the third quarter .
CNBC is available to 13 million cable households .
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5 % , to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.2 billion .
Morrison said the engineering and construction segment performed well , with the mining and MK-Ferguson operations making important contributions .
Navigation Mixte 's chairman had suggested that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as trading opened Monday .
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing .
NASA said General Dynamics will launch CRRES using an Atlas 1 rocket .
`` The Famous Teddy Z , '' which CBS Inc. had hoped would emerge as one of the few bright spots in its otherwise lackluster prime-time schedule , is n't turning out to be the hit the network envisaged .
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers .
The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items .
Dealers say the budding trade in Mr. Jackson 's canceled checks is unusual .
`` Many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says .
In its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , the biomedical-products maker earned 10 cents a share , up from eight cents a share in the 1988 quarter , which included an extraordinary credit .
`` It 's very difficult to do , '' says Donald Holt , a market strategist for Wedbush Morgan Securities , a Los Angeles brokerage firm .
Integrated made its announcement after the market closed .
Members of the largest union , representing 1,700 workers , voted in favor of the pact yesterday .
Amex short interest has been heading upward since mid-December , with increases in each month since then except at mid-July .
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo .
Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as `` the tire king . ''
The government sought a criminal penalty because `` no cleanup is possible here .
Experts estimate the first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each in today 's dollars .
Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of `` headline negatives '' in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe and Japan , aggressive central bank intervention , a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices , an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report and action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower .
Ford said in July it planned to operate Associates , based in Dallas , as a separate entity in its Ford Financial Services Group .
The art collection might have come to rival the Medicis ' had the Florida comptroller 's office not got wind of Mr. Paul 's aesthetic adventure .
Under that approach , countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC 's production ceiling than they would under the current system .
If you do n't , you ca n't do your job . ''
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris .
Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point , or about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
As many of these jobs are filled by local residents , who move from the welfare rolls to the tax rolls , the $ 2,500-per-job public investment should repay itself in a few years .
SHEDDING GLITTER :
`` Tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand .
`` It 's pretty safe to assume we can bring the cost down of these systems by 30 % to 40 % a year , '' said Edward McCracken , the company 's chief executive officer .
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter .
As the campaign hits the home stretch , however , voters still have very little idea what they can expect from him .
Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold .
Since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts , the costs to the borrower of defaulting are usually low .
`` We are the Golden State , '' Mr. Fazio said , `` and there is a certain amount of jealousy . ''
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents .
But one price paid for the higher expected return is greater short-term volatility , as reflected in the higher standard deviation that Seidman estimates for the younger couple 's portfolio .
She did n't have hot water for five days .
Thrift regulators did n't give any figures on their enforcement actions .
Four people torched three U.S. flags on the central steps of the U.S. Capitol in a bid to test a new federal law protecting the American flag from desecration .
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market .
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
But just down Seventh Avenue , where about 75 % of U.S. fur garments are made , Larry Rosen has acquired two retail outlets , broadened his fur-making line and expanded into leather .
The vote , in which 11 GOP lawmakers voted against Mr. Bush 's position , was a victory for Democratic leaders , who opposed the amendment as an intrusion on the Bill of Rights .
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 .
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ?
A definitive agreement had been expected by the end of July .
Some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice outweigh the drawbacks .
Still , for those with a long-term eye on the vast U.S. retail market , this is a tempting time to look for bargains .
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues .
`` They have to continue to tighten their belts , '' said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Associate member seats currently are quoted at $ 225,000 bid , $ 256,000 asked .
Tandy Corp. , citing sluggish sales of consumer-electronics goods , said net income dropped 3.3 % for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 .
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ?
Big financial stocks carried the day .
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 .
Two previous exorcisms have failed .
Maybe it 's crazy , '' he said .
He said Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial `` at which he will be vindicated . ''
The companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents during the sale process , Mr. Rothman said .
But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months .
MCA holds half of Cineplex 's equity and 33 % of its voting rights through restricted voting shares , while Bronfman interests hold about 24 % of the company 's equity .
Dow Jones & Co. recently reported net fell 9.9 % , a reflection , in part , of continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine .
`` I see it as a sewage treatment plant , '' he says .
Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing .
Indeed , over-the-counter stocks , led by technology issues , outleaped the industrial average .
The failure to obtain financing does n't by itself constitute a breach .
Brokers said the declines early in the day were partly caused by losses of the ruling Christian-Democratic Union in communal elections in the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg .
Mr. Percival will be succeeded on an interim basis by George Kadonada , US Facilities chairman and president .
Computer picking is n't perfect , '' says Harvey Golomb , president and founder of Pinpoint .
President Bush does n't have any provision in mind , but line-item-veto bait will be like earthworms at midnight in the coming Continuing Resolution .
Most importantly , the Senate traded away the Bush administration 's controversial plan to finance the bailout , which was partly reinstated later .
Campeau 's chairman , Robert Campeau , said at its annual meeting in July that he valued Bloomingdale 's at $ 2 billion .
Units will cost from 500,000 to 3.5 million Australian dollars ( about US$ 386,000 to US$ 2.7 million ) .
Separately , two men injured in last week 's earthquake-triggered freeway collapse in Oakland began a legal battle against the state over whether officials adequately heeded warnings about the structure 's safety .
The powerful group , which represents many of the nation 's telemarketers , was instrumental in derailing the 1987 bill .
Tandy had 86.3 million shares outstanding at Sept. 30 , down from 90 million a year earlier .
Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate .
Individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology .
The airline industry 's fortunes , in dazzling shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks .
The bureau cited typhoons in the month that discouraged shopping and leisure opportunities .
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday .
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says .
`` The defensive options are limited , '' says Philippe Braye , a partner in portfolio management concern France Finance Quatre .
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being .
Allstate is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims pour in from the San Francisco earthquake .
Only the bravest spirits survive such roller coasters .
Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an `` original equipment maker '' basis for sale under other companies ' brand names .
In particular , I do not find the fact that your group of pros ' monthly selections of four stocks outperforms the market in general to be inconsistent with market efficiency .
JUMPING THE GUN :
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars .
The larger parallel after the earthquake centered south of San Francisco is surely with the state of the U.S. economy .
Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal , and were meant to break even financially .
The ultimate aim of Western support for East bloc reforms , he said , is to create `` an equitable and stable peaceful order in Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals . ''
The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate , and Mr. Bush also is threatening to veto any agreement that preserves Senate-passed provisions renewing U.S. support for the United Nations Fund for Population Activities .
The fourth part , consisting of $ 22 million of 12 1\/2 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1999 , was priced at 85.339 with a yield to maturity of 15.50 % .
In addition , Delmed , which makes and sells a dialysis solution used in treating kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , National Medical Care Inc .
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp .
Mr. Redford , like it or not , is like a braking system on a runaway truck , kind of slowing it down into control .
This is a condensed version of an essay that will appear in the January issue of the Naval Institute Proceedings .
Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties .
The British press , making a mountain out of a molehill , precipitated an unnecessary economic crisis by portraying Mrs. Thatcher as an autocrat who had thrown economic policy into confusion by driving a respected figure from her government .
New entitlements tend to grow , creating a rationale for new taxes .
LIN 's suitor , McCaw Cellular Communications , dropped 1 to 40 on almost 350,000 shares .
In a new report , the International Council of Shopping Centers said sales of general merchandise in the West for the first seven months of 1989 rose 6.6 % above year-earlier levels .
The proposed rules also would be tougher on the insiders still required to file reports , he said .
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies .
`` The bottom line is that he is a very genuine and decent guy , '' says Malcolm Hoenlein , a Jewish community leader .
Standard & Poor 's Corp. said it would add John H. Harland Co. , an Atlanta check printer , to its 500-stock index , effective at the close of trading on Wednesday .
MCI Communications , the most active issue , finished down 5\/8 to 42 1\/8 .
None sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally . ''
He said he would convene hearings within two weeks .
Membership has since swelled to between 20 and 25 .
In practice , the director of central intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial members .
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts .
How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself ?
Erbamont advanced 1 1\/8 to 36 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares .
Consumer Durables : Automobiles , appliances , furniture .
Caltrans ' Mr. Drago defended the agency 's work on the Nimitz Freeway .
Caesars has made a specialty of catering to high rollers from abroad , who are also being aggressively courted by the Mirage , the Las Vegas Hilton and others .
Often con artists will try to disarm their victims by emphasizing similarities between them .
Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house .
Callable from March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 , declining two points semi-annually to par .
The Senate is expected to consider the bill shortly , says the senator 's spokesman .
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R. , Pa . ) urged acquittal of the judge in a brief circulated to his Senate colleagues during closed-door deliberations .
That 's not fair ; they 're not all fat .
Kidder Peabody & Co. says it monitors bond-trading conversations between brokers and customers to safeguard order accuracy .
`` All of us are on a base salary of $ 200,000 if the firm makes nothing -- and that 's pretty low as far as Wall Street goes , '' Mr. Montgoris said .
Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years , and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985 .
He is n't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman .
Mr. Kochan also likes long-term , investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term Treasurys .
That was when the tame old Peasants ' Party , desperate to live through the crisis , broke ranks with the Communists and joined with Solidarity in the East Bloc 's first liberated government .
With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry .
The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been laundering money back and forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren .
But car-happy Americans panicked , and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments .
At that time , tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority .
President Bush badly wants a line-item veto and has long called for a law giving it to the president .
Also , Mr. Savaiko noted , stock market investors seeking greater safety are veering toward buying bonds rather than precious metals because `` we are tending more toward a disinflationary economy that does n't make gold and precious metals attractive . ''
FileNet noted that it had cash and marketable securities totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 , and stockholders ' equity is $ 60.1 million .
The U.S. Commerce Department is planning to try out similar trips on U.S. businessmen in coming months under its Canada First ! Outreach Program .
Nursing Home Patients Apt to Be Private Payers
Mr. Semel and his firm , Semel & Co. , have appealed the Comex decision and the sanctions to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission .
Robert A. Oswald , chief financial officer and a director of this natural-gas pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president .
And , of course , there 's the unsteady labor situation .
The claims , which were filed with the State Board of Control but will probably end up in court , are the first arising out of the collapse of the so-called Cypress structure viaduct .
He takes issue with projections that do n't factor in students ' own contribution , which reduces most parents ' burden substantially .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings .
`` The issue was very well-received -- Disney is such a well-known , you can say world-wide , name , '' said Vernon Dempsey , head trader of European equities at Kleinwort Benson Ltd. , which is making a market in the issue .
Its partner in the joint venture is Sin Kean Boon Metal Industries , Penang , Malaysia .
Jaguar officials in the U.S. noted that Ford , as Jaguar 's largest shareholder , now has the power to call for such a meeting .
The FCC moves were good news for AT&T , which has been striving since the breakup of the phone system for greater latitude in pricing and reduced regulation .
The package `` provides a temporary , golden parachute for Grumman , '' according to one congressional aide familiar with the closed-door bargaining .
A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included a 19 % pay hike in the first year and 8 % in the second and third years .
But opponents fear overcrowding .
Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share .
In recent months , sales of home improvement items have sagged , along with sales of other big ticket durable goods .
That suit and Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage .
If there are any signs that Mr. Major will be less inclined to use interest-rate boosts to rescue the pound from another plunge , that currency is expected to fall sharply .
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .
He once used that line in a closed-door meeting on Panama , meaning do n't shrink from taking action against Manuel Noriega .
The most common use of spying devices is in divorce cases , say private investigators .
Mr. Smith recommends Cypress Semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 63 % earnings growth rate .
Mr. Lang says he is n't scouting new acquisitions , at least for now .
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle .
Again , no free lunch .
A 190-point plunge in U.S. stock shares compounded the view , they say .
If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP .
Rep. Ronnie Flippo ( D. , Ala. ) , one of the members of the delegation , says he was particularly impressed by Mr. Krenz 's ready admission that East Germany needed to change .
To keep his schedule on track , he flies two personal secretaries in from Little Rock to augment his staff in Dallas .
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law .
We still have people wandering around in a daze in San Francisco worrying about whether it 's going to rain tonight . ''
It also bars future suits against Robins company officials , members of the Robins family and Robins 's former insurer , Aetna Life & Casualty Co .
Dr. Blumenfeld concedes he did n't fully understand what he was buying .
Put March 31 , 1992 , at fixed 107 13\/16 to yield 3.43 % .
From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees .
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 .
Revenue climbed 13 % to 45.4 billion francs from 40.1 billion .
`` Unless an individual has a minimum of between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 to invest in stocks , he 's still better off in mutual funds than in individual stocks , in terms of getting enough attention from a competent broker , '' says Mr. Lipper .
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities .
The Committee on Federal Regulation of Securities for the American Bar Association argues , for example , in its lengthy letter to the SEC , that the proposed changes `` would substantially improve the { law } by conforming it more closely to contemporary business realities . ''
Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before .
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said .
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday .
It also contends that Young & Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad Ventures , a Jamaican firm hired by the agency .
The company , which has a European foothold , Murata Europe Management G.m.b . H. in Germany , said the latest venture is designed to meet demand for electric parts in European Community countries ahead of the creation of the unified market by the end of 1992 .
Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 .
But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy .
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate-of-need law .
Lilly officials said they had seen reports of hypoglycemic unawareness among some patients making the shift from animal to human insulin , but did n't know if the problem had caused any deaths .
`` Nobody is going to make a real bid before the middle of November , '' said one investment banker familiar with the discussions in Japan .
President Roh Tae Woo 's administration has been studying the real-estate crisis for the past year with an eye to partial land redistribution .
Alan Bond , chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt figures yesterday .
But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
That 's just the beginning , '' he says .
And on a closer 250-170 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements made by a House-Senate conference earmarking community development funds for more than 40 projects backed by often influential members .
At the same time , abortion foes have developed a national legislative strategy , deciding to move on what Jacki Ragan , the National Right to Life Committee 's director of state organizational development , calls `` reasonable measures that an overwhelming mainstream majority of Americans support . ''
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher , who attended the ceremony , called the undertaking a `` historic step '' in the evolution of U.S.-Soviet ties .
Yesterday , in documents filed in connection with that case , Warner accused Sony officials of falsely claiming that they never read the five-year contract requiring the two producers to make movies exclusively for Columbia , citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by Sony that described the contracts .
Yesterday 's floor action came as a House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 8.5 billion fiscal 1990 military construction bill , representing a 5 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from Pentagon requests for installations abroad .
`` I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May .
Big Board officials have been under seige from both investors and the exchange 's own floor traders since the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's 190-point tumble on Oct. 13 .
The revised LIN-BellSouth agreement boosts the dollar amount of the special dividend LIN promises to pay shareholders .
Traders said the market was exceptionally thin , as small investors remain on the sidelines .
Ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years .
He favors FPL Group Inc. , Florida Progress Corp. , TECO Energy Inc. , Wisconsin Energy Corp. , and Dominion Resources Inc .
Traders were initially nervous about shares of companies , including many leading OTC computer companies , such as Apple Computer with offices in the vicinity of the area damaged by the quake .
As expected , Kellogg reported lower third-quarter earnings .
McGill , a Valparaiso , Ind. , ball-bearing manufacturer , had rebuffed BroadBeach 's proposal .
Angel Gurria , Mexico 's top debt negotiator , said the country 's creditor banks are responding positively to Mexico 's debt-reduction package .
But other than a few slaps on the wrist , Gen. Noriega went unpunished by that body , too ; he was not even singled out in the closing statement .
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy .
Even claims against individuals and companies face significant roadblocks .
The emergence of Russian corporatism had been anticipated in journalist George Urban 's introduction to a series of colloquies -- `` Can the Soviet System Survive Reform ? '' -- published this spring .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits that Warner already is taking steps to freeze them out of their projects at Warner , notably the Sylvester Stallone film `` Tango and Cash . ''
But it 's just as plausible to argue that if even David Boren can get mired in this sort of mess , the problem goes beyond legal interpretation .
In an interview and in congressional testimony , he repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- as evidence of the need for Congress to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market .
Accepted bids were all at 7.962 % .
`` There was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , '' said Susan Bryant , Oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association , which drafted a voluntary settlement plan for the states with Drexel .
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today .
Britain 's economic fundamentals , he said , `` do n't look very bright . ''
They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey , and especially Virginia , where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion .
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second .
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million .
The S&P 500 futures contract , which moves in fractions of an index point under normal conditions , jumped two to three points in seconds early yesterday after an initial downturn , then moved strongly higher the rest of the day .
Customers lean forward , rest their knees on side supports and bury their face in padding on the back of the chair .
Cable & Wireless fell 20 to 478 .
While IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , makes the bulk of the DRAMs it uses , it does n't make the equipment needed to produce those chips .
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany .
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed : He has made speaking Filipino respectable .
He will succeed Harry L. Freeman , 57 , who has said he will retire in December .
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit .
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which fell 7\/8 to 44 1\/2 and led the Big Board 's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares , and Nipsco Industries , which lost 3\/8 to 17 3\/8 on 4.4 million shares .
The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product , and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end .
In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department .
The researchers said they did this , but the toxin did n't induce immunity to whooping cough .
Catastrophe losses reduced Aetna 's net income by $ 50 million , including $ 36 million from Hugo .
On most days , the desert 's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a mist like a damp rag .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
Either way , the overhang is big enough to keep delicately balanced oil markets on edge .
Characters complain ceaselessly about food queues , prices and corruption .
Most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow recuperation and ended unchanged to slightly higher .
The funding is attached to a stopgap bill to keep most of the government operating through Nov. 15 .
The three establishments -- two in Warsaw and one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency and are joint ventures between Polish firms and Western companies .
Treasury prices ended mixed in light trading .
`` I pay a lot to the farmer and five times the state salary to my employees , '' he says .
A state-of-the-art plant cost $ 40 million in the mid-1970s but costs $ 500 million today because the technology is so complex .
And a pending Justice Department interpretation of the assassination ban could raise questions that would have to be settled .
BankAmerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't materially affected by the Tuesday earthquake .
He is also accused of lying under oath and of leaking information obtained from a wiretap he supervised .
Yoshihisa Murasawa , a management consultant for Booz-Allen & Hamilton ( Japan ) Inc. , said his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future .
At the opening bell , investors quickly began singling out shares of companies expected to profit or suffer in some way from the California disaster , including insurers , construction-related companies , refiners and housing lenders .
We did n't think a sleeping { Bell } mentality would be willing to take on dilution . ''
The crowd moved in clumps , clumps magnetized around an electronic nucleus .
Despite the drop in prices for thoroughbreds , owning one still is n't cheap .
Mr. Lehman , a Reagan Navy secretary , is a managing director of PaineWebber .
Nikko 's Mr. Conlon fears a huge wave of Treasury borrowing early next month will drive down Treasury bond prices .
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company .
Business has been good enough that he just took a spur-of-the-moment weekend trip to the mountain area of Cloudcroft , something `` I have n't done in years . ''
Slick graphics , pre-tested for effectiveness , also play a major role in Litigation Sciences ' operation .
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont .
What Gov. Clinton is advocating , in effect , is extending the educational system down to the pre-kindergarten years .
The bond market , which sometimes thrives on bad news , cheered yesterday 's stock market sell-off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker .
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract .
Inmac Corp. , a money-losing direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories , said directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend as too great a drain on funds .
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive .
Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour .
He said the state has 165 appointed judges and 15 `` trial referees , '' who are former judges over age 70 and serve a restricted role on the bench .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Mr. Jacobson , his gray hair flying , did n't wear out his red-white-and-blue sneakers , but he sweat so much he considered sending out for a new shirt .
The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer .
Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas .
Meanwhile , orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed manually .
Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account , as did the other agencies .
A Taxpayers Union study concluded the bill would save taxpayers up to $ 9.3 billion in barrier-island subsidies over 20 years .
Most sleep on the floor .
Some accounts came in for some blocks in the secondary { market } , which we have n't seen for a while , '' said one trader .
Third-quarter net income slid to $ 5.1 million , or six cents a share , from $ 56 million , or 65 cents , a year earlier .
Friday , October 27 , 1989
In the meantime , Russia gave Nicaragua another powerful radio transmitter , which has been installed in the city of Esteli .
He will also remain a director , US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees .
Now , in the wake of UAL 's troubles in financing its buy-out , the airline raiding game has been grounded .
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples .
Says a European strategist : `` The U.S. tends to look at Eastern Europe { not including the Soviet Union } as Europe looks at Latin America : important but far away .
U.S. brandy exports more than doubled last year to 360,000 proof gallons , a standard industry measure , according to Jobson Beverage Alcohol Group , an industry association .
The change will result in a charge of about $ 8.5 million , or 82 cents a share , because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability .
Revenue : $ 1.71 billion
On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , `` What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia .
The irony in this novel is that neither man represents a `` safe '' middle-class haven : Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere .
Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction .
`` A few boilerplate warnings about cancer appear but that 's only two inches in all four pages .
Also in active trading , British Steel fell 1 to 124 as 20 million shares changed hands .
Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period .
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer .
Any investor who acquires UAL stock in an attempt to force a buy-out or recapitalization must deal with United 's contentious unions .
Two rumored restructuring candidates in the oil industry moved higher : Chevron , which rose 1 3\/4 to 68 1\/4 on 3.5 million shares , and USX , which gained 1 1\/4 to 34 5\/8 .
Conspicuous by its absence is California .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months .
Hyundai Motor America , fighting quality complaints , declining sales and management turmoil , yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy , tagged `` We 're Making More Sense Than Ever . ''
At least once Mancuso 's boss yells `` In here -- now , '' and proceeds to dress his investigator down :
Comair said it paid cash but declined to disclose the price .
Based on yesterday 's closing price of the S&P , the average value of one day 's trading amounts to $ 7.6 billion .
A number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 411 hours of the experiment did they detect a neutron burst in all three detectors -- and they think that was a spurious event .
Mr. Arafat publicly renounced terrorism Dec. 15 , satisfying the U.S. precondition for a direct `` dialogue '' with the PLO .
A week ago , his gallery racked up a $ 23 million tab at a Sotheby 's auction in New York buying seven works , including a Picasso .
During the next decade , Mr. Kume said , Nissan plans to boost overseas vehicle production sufficiently to account for a majority of sales outside Japan .
`` Early on in the State Department , we took to calling him the rent-a-colonel , in tribute to his ability to simultaneously milk the antagonistic intelligence services of Cuba and the United States , '' recalls Francis J. McNeil , who , as deputy assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs , first ran across reports about Mr. Noriega in 1977 .
The current president and chief operating officer , J. Odell Johnson , was elected to the new position of vice chairman of the board .
ENERGY :
A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts .
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .
The Soviet Union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month , and is expected to take delivery by year end , analysts said .
Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact .
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year .
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow , so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market .
Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory .
`` Parties are rather a state of mind , '' she said , pausing only to taste and pass judgment on the Georgian shashlik ( `` a little well done , but very good '' ) .
Many law firms sponsor their own programs .
Is the trouble over ?
The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 .
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . ''
Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the Hiroshima government office .
Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio , as the computer searches for the most undervalued investment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation .
So DARPA is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by doling out research funds .
For buyers , `` these are career-risking decisions , '' says Jean Conlin , who supervises a network of Wang computers in the admissions department at Boston University .
The SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year , he said .
When the tremors struck , the region 's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air .
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y .
Advertisers do n't think of the magazine first , says Joan McCraw , who joined in April as national advertising director .
The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said .
But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract .
Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern California .
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said that Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
Though the Cubs ' championship season ended with the National League playoffs , a revival of the Organic Theater 's production of `` Bleacher Bums , '' a play in nine innings set in the Wrigley Field bleachers , continues within spitting distance of the ballpark .
Is n't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? ''
The collapse of the span has provoked surprise and anger among state officials .
Over the weekend , she said she did n't intend to change her style and denied she is authoritarian .
The appointment of Peat Marwick , which has a unit that specializes in advising troubled companies , came about as a result of a round of meetings held by Qintex Australia Chairman Christopher Skase with bank creditors .
On Asia-Pacific prosperity : `` If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years , with adjustments , and Japan can grow and not cut back , and so too , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , ASEAN , Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years , the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves . ''
The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters , McGraw Hill , United Press International , two press release news wires and Japan 's Kyodo news service .
Its resilience around these levels is pegged to persistent investor demand for the greenback , especially in Japan .
That 's worse than the price drop sustained by the bonds in its portfolio , whose total return ( bond-price changes plus interest ) has amounted to a negative 6.08 % .
The bill is expected to pass in Congress next month .
There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced .
Intelogic Trace Inc. said it is exploring alternatives to maximize shareholder value , including the possible sale of the company .
With only the clothes they were wearing , family members moved to a home owned by one of Mr. Chan 's sons .
The guide is young and he knows this business but he wants a different life after college , such as working for IBM and wearing a necktie .
`` However , given the changes in the market conditions that have occurred since then , we decided to sell only the amount needed to proceed with our contemplated recapitalization , '' he said .
Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says .
By comparison , Republicans have held closer to the anti-abortion movement .
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .
French President Francois Mitterrand , European Community Commission President Jacques Delors , Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and others have begun linking the rapid changes in the East to the need to speed up changes in the West .
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations , titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes .
Although we were white , the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about .
The insured bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 .
Canada 's trade surplus with all countries narrowed to C$ 203.5 million in August from C$ 528.3 million in July , Statistics Canada said .
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children .
The company said third-quarter sales are expected to increase 25 % from $ 3.12 billion of last year 's third quarter .
Most stock-market indexes were hitting all-time highs at around the time of the poll .
Control Data has been seeking a buyer for the facility since it folded its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer unit this past April .
Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York , said the shift reflects Boeing confidence in Mr. Pinick , described by Mr. Rubel as an expert on doing business with the military .
For now , however , the naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers and the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip .
Once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get .
Harken , which owns about 800 retail gas stations , has said it is particularly interested in Tesoro 's refinery because it would fill a gap in its business .
The markets are complex , as is the environment in which they function .
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended .
After thoroughly digesting reams of information , he often concludes that more data are needed , and when he finally decides to act , his movements sometimes seem excrutiatingly small .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point , or less than $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 of face amount .
Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products .
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern .
Sales were higher in all of the company 's business categories , with the biggest growth coming in sales of foodstuffs such as margarine , coffee and frozen food , which rose 6.3 % .
Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people .
Industry sources said they expect a fierce battle to emerge between TransCanada , which has a monopoly on Canadian gas transportation east of Alberta , and Nova and Westcoast , which control the pipelines within and running west of Alberta , respectively .
Yesterday , she was still waiting at a bus stop after three hours , trying to transfer to a bus going to the financial district .
The portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , GE Capital said .
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard .
Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis and Chicago .
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years .
It 's not good ; the market is setting up for another fall . ''
The firm brought in to strengthen the structure could be liable as well .
The Polish rat will eat well this winter .
Though obscure to most investors , the question of whether to list options on more than one exchange has aroused much interest in Congress , mainly because regional exchanges fear the change could bankrupt them .
The subject of the movie `` Lean on Me , '' Mr. Clark controlled his school with a bullhorn and a baseball bat .
They note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the slightest bad news from the stock exchange .
Mr. Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations .
South Africa 's government dismissed demands by right-wing Conservatives , the nation 's main opposition party , for emergency talks on Pretoria 's recent tolerance of dissent .
Esselte AB sold the minority stake five years ago in a $ 40 million international share offering .
NRM said it expects unitholders to vote on the restructuring at a meeting Dec. 15 .
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment .
With other anxious calls pouring in , he recalls , `` I 'd either have to disconnect the New York Stock Exchange or go out to the secretary 's desk . ''
Indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry .
The giant computer maker is slated to offer $ 500 million of 30-year non-callable debentures through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc .
Connecticut already has issued a `` notice of intent '' to revoke Drexel 's brokerage license .
Yet the bill is riding high on the furor over drug trafficking .
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America .
He was shocked , associates say , to learn of Mr. Icahn 's new takeover threat .
`` It would be a shame to have a Chapter 7 after all the progress in this case , '' said Judge Abramson .
In other trading , Medco Containment Services gained 7\/8 to 15 on 1.9 million shares after reporting a loss for the first quarter , which ended Sept. 30 .
Still , they play a crucial role in winning top ratings for most asset-backed issues -- which in turn is why the yield above Treasurys is so slim .
Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' ?
Meanwhile , some legal observers say the Tele-Communications investment and other developments are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time .
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period .
Melvin Belli 's San Francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after Tuesday 's earthquake .
And the show 's creativity makes up for any technological deficiencies .
There was a wanted poster offering `` Rewards for the Arrest of Express and Train Robbers Frank James and Jesse W. James '' and the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye and the inscription `` We Never Sleep , '' which inspired the phrase `` private eye . ''
Net income : 21 cents a share vs. net loss of $ 4.11 a share
It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people ( as we well know ) , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy .
Mr. Grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage .
It could n't sell its South American routes , one of the major assets marked for disposal .
Both estimates would mark declines from the 1988 net of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share , which itself was well below the record IBM set in 1984 .
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . ''
Mr. Icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in Texaco Inc. in June -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his USX move .
SMALL TALK :
( Puts , or sell options , would not be added until 1977 . )
Will you pour me a drop of water , if you do n't mind ? ''
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney-disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association .
`` That is n't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm-Rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said .
The Boston Globe says its newly redesigned pages have a `` crisper '' look with revamped fixtures aimed at making the paper `` more consistent '' and `` easier to read . ''
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker .
Both have been raised at least 30 % in recent years , even while the price of gasoline has fallen .
Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property .
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world .
It 's not that we do n't know how to , because we do .
A problem , he adds , is that anesthetized brains are more resistant to magnetic stimulation than awake ones .
Prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling .
`` What is the way forward ?
They then addressed the decidedly `` questionable safety of ... a complex garden of endless hiding places .
For years the five New York exchanges have been talking about cooperating in various aspects of their business in order to improve the efficiency of their operations .
His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes .
Odds and Ends
`` We have the worst lease in the NFL , '' contends Michael B. McCaskey , the president of the Chicago Bears and a grandson of George Halas , who founded the NFL 's predecessor organization .
Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state .
The purpose of the note is to provide added capital for the spun-off company in a form that will save it spending cash on immediate interest payments , Mr. Roulac said .
The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill .
Though not reflected in the table , an investor should know that the cost of the option insurance can be partially offset by any dividends that the stock pays .
The poll showed that company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem , with 65 % of those in companies of more than 15,000 employees saying stress-related problems were `` fairly pervasive '' and 55 % of those in companies with fewer than 4,000 employees agreeing .
CDs sold by major brokerage houses , which like jumbo CDs tend to closely follow interest rate trends , also posted larger drops in yields .
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . ''
But he also cited concerns over the company 's mortgage exposure in the troubled New England real estate market .
The other months posted advances of 10 cents to 20 cents an ounce .
Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including softer prices for polyethylene and other basic chemicals , a slower U.S. economy and a stronger dollar , which made Dow 's exports from the U.S. more expensive to overseas customers .
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass .
One auto-industry union leader said , `` If they try to build it somewhere else { in Europe } besides the U.K. , they are going to be in big trouble '' with unionists over any Jaguar deal .
The petition challenged First Union 's lending record in the state , saying that the bank-holding company had `` shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state . ''
Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an `` order , resolution or vote '' or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto .
Cie . Generale des Eaux reported that net profit climbed 30 % in the first half of 1989 and said that it expects a gain of about 25 % for the full year .
In the first hour of trading , about one million shares a minute changed hands on the Big Board as big stock-index arbitrage sell programs pushed prices lower .
Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to .
A UPS spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages .
The merchant bank also announced that finance director David Eward is taking early retirement for personal reasons .
The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy .
The study will support arguments against capping carbon-dioxide emissions that Japan will make at a U.N.-backed conference on atmospheric pollution next month .
Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies .
On the morning of the crash , he had been put on notice that an audit committee was recommending his dismissal because of invoicing irregularities in a company audit .
The U.S. did n't openly oppose Cuba 's seating as the Latin American council delegate .
Gold , which has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time , yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness : The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar and the stock market .
And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , `` The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for research and innovation or the public interest . ''
The EPO-treated patients donated an average of 5.4 units of blood each compared with only 4.1 units donated by a similar group of surgical patients who received a placebo injection .
For the nine months , the latest loss trimmed net income to $ 3.6 million , which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share .
As publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies , Ms. Volokh sees her party-giving as an important part of business .
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Aaron Ment , Connecticut 's chief court administrator , declined to comment on the suit and the EEOC 's intervention .
Added Mr. Jacobson , `` There were some pretty bad losses in the stock . ''
His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp .
And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major { growing } household asset , is n't . ''
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific closed at $ 20.625 , down 25 cents .
The emphasis on market share is evident at Daikin Industries Ltd. , Japan 's biggest maker of industrial air conditioners .
And Mr. Smalling does n't believe they 're worth all that much now .
The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions .
Farm income is 15 % below the average .
Kidder has generally been sensitive to suggestions that GE makes decisions for its Kidder unit .
The stock market went on a dizzying ride as UAL , parent of United Airlines , once again led shares into a breathtaking decline and then an afternoon comeback .
Advanced Medical Technologies Inc. said it purchased 93 % of a unit of Henley Group Inc .
The 231-191 roll call illustrates the limits of power a resurgent abortion-rights movement still faces .
Mr. Broberg , who started with the now-defunct Washington Senators , says that when he left baseball in 1978 , he `` never looked back . ''
At Kidder , Peabody & Co. 's Sacramento branch , Manager Janet White received calls yesterday morning from workers in San Francisco who offered to work in Sacramento .
Mr. Vaux said the share issue is part of a strategy to strengthen Labatt 's balance sheet in anticipation of acquisitions to be made during the next 12 to 18 months .
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .
An associate member seat was sold for $ 228,000 , up $ 8,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 .
The chains `` used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 12-month thing , '' says Donald Harty , president of Charisma Group Inc. , a New York franchisee of Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King chain .
Buying interest also resurfaced in the technology sector , including International Business Machines , whose board approved a $ 1 billion increase in its stock buy-back program .
Jeanette Traverso , a California lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene .
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle .
Revenue edged up to $ 8.9 billion from $ 8.81 billion .
Like which are droppable and which are not .
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year .
And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ?
`` There are just tons of things that have to be considered , '' Mr. Fogg says .
The payments are n't expected to have an impact on coming operating results , Linear added .
In their anxiety , however , parents and other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes .
`` I would be the first to admit that there is not a complete consensus in the scientific community on either one of these problems , '' says Mr. Teagan .
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker .
Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re-entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say .
`` Norm Berry was a creative inspiration at the company , and nobody has filled that void , '' said Ms. Hill .
Ronald Edwin Parsons Ballwin , Mo .
But in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts , such as the Angel Fire , Red River and Taos ski areas in New Mexico , have even started shuttle-busing skiers to each other 's slopes and next year plan to sell tickets good for all local lifts .
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year .
And analysts said they see no signs of an imminent swoon in California real estate , even with last week 's earthquake .
Analysts ' expectations suggest a September current account deficit of # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.54 billion ) , compared with August 's # 2.0 billion deficit .
( Storer also took $ 125 million of junior SCI TV bonds as partial payment for the TV assets . )
Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports .
Honeywell Inc. said it hopes to complete shortly the first of two sales of shares in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for about $ 280 million .
The judge says he is confident he will return to his old bench .
For a cloture vote to stop the filibuster , Republicans must muster at least 60 votes .
Robert Stein , president and chief executive officer , attributed the expected decline partly to the effects of a two-week strike last month at the company 's Masillon , Ohio , bakeware facility .
The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics .
Most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions .
United Education & Software , a Los Angeles education services company , called the commission 's action `` precipitous and unwarranted . ''
This month , Federal 's 2,048 pilots , including some 961 acquired along with Tiger International Inc. in February , will decide whether to elect the powerful Air Line Pilots Association as their bargaining agent .
And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . ''
Robert Borden Santa Monica , Calif .
The venture , formed in 1986 , was supposed to be Time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines .
`` RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , '' Mr. Gerstner said Friday .
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
The stock fell 75 cents .
Secretary of State Baker , in his first major arms-control speech , called for a new military relationship with Moscow to reduce `` first strike '' nuclear arms .
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument .
Since then , deliveries have slumped .
`` As far as the FAA is concerned , '' says Matt Finucane , air safety director at the Association of Flight Attendants , `` flight attendants can work an unlimited number of hours . ''
Baker 's art was jazz only by the widest stretch of the term .
The proprietor of Sante West , an aerobics studio in San Francisco 's Marina district , which was hit hard by the earthquake , says , `` People were going nuts the minute we opened , '' three days after the quake .
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it : He warned us in advance that `` New York Counterpoint '' lasts 11 1\/2 minutes .
The result , according to many analysts , is higher prices and less innovation .
The last time cocoa traded at prices as low as currently was in 1974 .
But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again .
She signed up , starting as an `` inside '' adjuster , who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone .
One man wrapped several diamonds in the knot of his tie .
C.B. Rogers Jr. was named chief executive officer of this business information concern .
Mr. Lawson also made it clear that he would be watching exchange rates carefully .
In her introduction , Ms. Rose writes that she feels she has much in common with Baker , but as `` Jazz Cleopatra '' goes on , it seems more rushed , as though the author were growing less interested .
Storage rose $ 1.125 a share , to close at $ 14 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
`` This suggests the bailout law is having a more dramatic effect than anyone would have imagined so soon . ''
Brokers handle such transactions through the Options Clearing Corp. , which guarantees all option trades .
Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects , as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel\/casino and theme park .
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says Mr. Canelo .
Comparable store sales for the quarter were up 7.3 % .
Digital 's target is the $ 40 billion market for mainframe computers , the closet-sized number-crunchers that nearly every big company needs to run its business .
Airline stocks typically sell at a discount of about one-third to the stock market 's price-earnings ratio -- which is currently about 13 times earnings .
Asahi officials could n't be reached for comment .
Suddenly , George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist .
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually .
TV ads plugging the company 's new V-6 Sonata and its souped-up Excel subcompact will begin appearing Monday .
Charles Davidow , of the Washington , D.C.-based law firm Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , which represents Mr. Boesky in this matter , said only that `` discussions are under way .
They got a machine more responsive , more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage .
At this point , the truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy .
`` We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their { job } interview suit here , '' says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers . ``
Citicorp also said that the average rate fell to 7.986 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 8.1255 % at last week 's sale .
Fees 1 3\/4 .
Warner also contributed record results from its music business , where unit sales of compact discs rose more than 50 % from a year ago , the company said , helped by Prince 's `` Batman '' soundtrack .
Eventually , Mr. Rey was forced to sell his Bally shares to the weapons maker Oerlikon-Buehrle Holding AG as establishment pressure grew on this hostile move into the Swiss old boys ' network .
In deferring action on the merger , the Fed said , `` The Board does not believe that there is sufficient information in the record at this time to allow { it } to reach a final conclusion on First Union 's record of helping to meet the credit needs of the communities it serves in Florida and North Carolina , including low to moderate-income neighborhoods in those communities . ''
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days .
Meanwhile , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 97 29\/32 , unchanged .
He succeeds James E. Burt III , who resigned from all three posts to pursue other interests .
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles .
An article in the World Business Report of Sept. 22 editions incorrectly referred to his father , Grand Duke Jean , as the crown prince .
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group .
The article is , unfortunately , replete with outrageous distortions .
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road .
However , Atlantic Richfield preserved its twopoint advance in the previous session and added 1\/8 to 103 7\/8 .
Mr. Mayor 's hope that references to `` press freedom '' would survive unamended seems doomed to failure ; the current phrasing is `` educating the public and media to avoid manipulation . ''
`` Consolidation has been long overdue .
`` The intervention has been friendly , meaning that they really did n't have to do it , '' said Maria Fiorini Ramirez , money-market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
The index fell 151.20 Friday .
The index was 178.5 in August and is based on 1980 equaling 100 .
Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson 's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates .
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities .
While Sears would n't comment on the brouhaha over Mr. Vila 's commercial endorsements , it appears to be building a fence around Mr. Vila 's affections .
USACafes , which is nearly half-owned by Sam and Charles Wyly of Dallas , said it will distribute proceeds from the sale to unit holders as a liquidating dividend as soon as possible .
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too .
Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand and stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , and ensure the permanence of this policy by joining the EMS .
But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues .
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .
The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves .
Highways , such as the section of Interstate 880 that collapsed in Oakland , generally do n't have insurance coverage .
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work .
For now , however , Mr. Phelan said : `` I refuse to get out there and tell everybody everything is hunky-dory .
Besides new styling , the new Nissans have more powerful engines and more sophisticated suspension systems .
The Phillips plant makes polyethylene , polypropylene and other plastic products .
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot .
The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities .
They need only position themselves near a company 's satellite dish and wait .
Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity .
Taipei was closed for a holiday .
For one thing , Digital , Maynard , Mass. , has sold fewer machines .
This film did emphasize how long the Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done .
In Oakland , officials said the 57-year-old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement .
Six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less yielded an average 8.02 % in the week ended Tuesday , down from 8.10 % , according to Banxquote .
`` We call them fraud farms . ''
`` What on earth does the UAL deal have to do with the price of Walmart , which I was able to buy on Oct. 16 at a very attractive price ? ''
Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown .
This amounts to a bounty for regulators -- the more regulating the more they get to keep .
`` People will learn to be more circumspect .
The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates .
`` This sets things way back . ''
Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors slice up the merit pie .
Lucky for Cap , Ike was easygoing and soon went away , while the shah -- he kept coming back .
An earlier plan , which had received the creditors ' approval in July , fell apart when Eastern changed its business plan .
`` We still have our die-hard baseball fans , '' a spokesman said .
A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers and create severe hardships for urban workers .
The sheer number of planners makes the business extremely difficult , if not impossible , to regulate .
`` He says he ` stole them , ' '' recalls Mr. Guterman .
One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .
At the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit , net rose 17 % to a record $ 240.8 million on a 19 % revenue increase .
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders .
But no one else does .
The Soviets are `` contemplating a flexible system under which it would be possible to develop { technology } jointly and even to market it jointly , '' he says .
Among the major banks surveyed by Banxquote in six regions of the country , 8.33 % is the highest yield available .
This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped `` by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O'Connell , London-based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton .
And on back-to-back roll calls , 206-199 and 223-178 , the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. )
Currently , Falcon has about 750,000 cable-television subscribers around the nation ; the company 's cable-television unit reported 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million .
Industrial Funding Corp. , initial offering of common stock , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Hopwood .
Also for sale are Buckingham Wile Co. , which distributes Cutty Sark blended whiskey in the U.S. , and Whitbread 's Atlas Peak Vineyards in California 's Napa Valley .
A separate inquiry by Chemical cleared Mr. Edelson of allegations that he had been lavishly entertained by a New York money broker .
Malcolm , a former film-maker turned architect , has just seen his first big chance at a lucrative commission turn to dust with the arrest of his shady , obnoxious client , a fly-by-night real estate developer .
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . ''
Dubbed the `` Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , '' the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments .
THE PANHANDLER approaches , makes his pitch .
The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts that felt the cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures .
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132.8 million of housing mortgage revenue bonds priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group .
Although some HDTV advocates are calling for other forms of aid , such as antitrust relief for research consortia , the small firms simply would prefer more DARPA funds .
DD Acquisition , jointly owned by Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group unit and Cara Operations Ltd. , has made a $ 45-a-share tender offer valued at $ 268 million for Dunkin ' Donuts .
The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added .
A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales .
Many agencies roll over their debt , paying off delinquent loans by issuing new loans , or converting defaulted loan guarantees into direct loans .
They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : `` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... . ''
Traders worked with the help of sunlight streaming through windows , despite large cracks in the walls and a lack of incoming phone calls .
`` Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside , and this could be a disaster . ''
Clearly , though , scam artists have to be a bit more subtle than simply promising millions ; the psychology of suckers is n't simply the psychology of the greedy .
Thus , he asserts , Lloyd 's ca n't react quickly to competition .
Daily living is the best possible investment !
Western New Mexico Telephone , Silver City , had net income of $ 1.9 million on revenue of about $ 10 million last year .
Men were a constant complication .
CHEVRON CORP. , San Francisco , oil company , annual sales of $ 25.2 billion , NYSE , had minor damage to downtown headquarters , but structural damage closed two of its seven buildings in San Ramone industrial park .
But the market turmoil could be partially beneficial for some small businesses .
He would discover it also in Alexander Bickel , a subtle constitutional scholar , Mr. Bork 's closest friend at Yale , whose influence on the judge goes well beyond Mr. Bronner 's reporting .
Rights on such a basis , whether for blacks or homosexuals , are `` mere indulgences , '' he said , subject to being taken back .
Though spending for Iowa and Oregon was far less , their increases above Pentagon requests -- 640 % and 430 % , respectively -- were much greater because of the influence of Republicans at critical junctures .
Quite the contrary -- it results from years of work by members of the National Council on the Handicapped , all appointed by President Reagan .
On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill .
The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share .
The brand is No. 7 overall in the cigarette business , Mr. Maxwell said .
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws .
Hundreds of Californians made their way to their computers after the quake , and checked in with each other on electronic bulletin boards , which link computers CB-radio-style , via phone lines .
But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen .
Mr. Bennett will continue as executive in charge of the North Carolina banking operation .
Most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds .
But some legislators think the time may be ripe to revise the constitution .
Hokuriku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 8.90 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd .
`` The bottom line is that it 's healthy to have this kind of sideways activity , especially after a 30 % gain in stock values over the past 12 months . ''
But in acquiring Guber-Peters Entertainment , Sony will actually get a piece of the profits from `` Batman , '' since the publicly held concern gets certain revenue from the movies Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters produce .
This is in response to George Melloan 's Business World column `` The Housing Market Is a Bigger Mess Than You Think '' ( op-ed page , Sept. 26 ) .
Today , Conner controls an estimated 90 % of the hard-disk drive market for laptop computers .
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes .
Mr. Ciavarella has rejected a few prospective tenants who provided `` incomplete '' financial information and acknowledges that illegitimate operators `` are not easily detectable .
Cuba has been suspended from OAS membership , but the organization 's members are discussing Cuba 's reinstatement .
Still , AMR 's stumble does n't bode well for the rest of the industry .
Coke could be interested in more quickly developing some of the untapped potential in those markets .
Ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators .
The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man , gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas .
In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions .
Nine-month revenue was $ 1.02 billion , up 22 % from $ 841.5 million .
The measure is expected to come before the House today , and Congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires .
The combined companies will become profitable by January 1990 , said James P. Sherblom , Transgenic 's chairman and chief executive officer .
Parts of the Houston Ship Channel were closed .
With this personal strategy firmly in place , I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage .
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills .
Even a small reduction is unacceptable and to suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish .
The expansion , which could cost as much as US$ 5.7 billion over the next eight years , will expand the fleet to about 43 planes by 1991 , up from 30 at the end of last year , according to Sun Hung Kai Securities Ltd .
Brown 's story :
The husky blond guide with the Aggie cap twists his face in mock fury .
Wellcome has replied that it is moving ahead to compile the relevant data , and recently promised to develop a pediatric syrup form easier for youngsters to take .
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza .
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .
`` They 're going to have mega-problems . ''
A spokeswoman for GE in Fairfield , Conn. , said , `` Absolutely no one spoke to Jack Welch on this subject '' and added , `` Anyone who claims they talked to Jack Welch is n't telling the truth . ''
Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share .
Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing .
Victor C. Benda , 58 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post .
`` We do n't look at this as a major problem for us , '' she said .
The concern grows out of increased efforts by the insurers to woo the small-business market .
`` I do not have a view of whether we should do anything about program trading at this time , '' he said .
A grand jury has been investigating whether officials at Southern Co. conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes .
It comes down to a question of whether to try to `` time '' the market .
Sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 150 million , said NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations .
The provision rate was far above BankAmerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 24 million in the third quarter , compared with $ 18 million in the second period and $ 38 million a year earlier .
Perhaps Mr. Gates would emphasize more than Mr. Baker the many hurdles the Soviet leader must leap if he is going to succeed .
Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million .
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
`` Infiniti is Nissan 's big business move for the 21st century , and we 're in no hurry to generate large profits right away , '' Mr. Oka says .
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical .
Since then , the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join .
But on the evidence of `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies .
`` There 's no shortage of major things to do , '' he said .
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations .
`` This is not a grossly overvalued market , but it 's not cheap either , '' says George Collins , president of the mutual fund company T. Rowe Price Associates in Baltimore .
Reynolds Metals Co. said third-quarter net income dropped nearly 10 % to $ 123.7 million , or $ 2.10 a share , from $ 137.2 million , or $ 2.56 a share , a year earlier .
According to the Commerce Department report , spending on durable goods -- items expected to last at least three years , including cars -- declined by $ 6.2 billion .
Mr. Juliano thinks so .
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets .
Shalom .
This contrasts with the year-ago quarter , when the company had net income of $ 11.7 million , or 45 cents a share , on revenue of $ 75.7 million .
Several projects , he said , are still on the drawing board .
That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 3.40 to $ 372.50 an ounce in heavy trading .
Mr. Krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament convenes later this week .
Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results and net income of $ 29.9 million , or 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements .
`` There are certain bonds traders refer to as ` earthquake ' bonds because the ( issuers ) are on top of the San Andreas fault , '' said Zane Mann , editor of the California Municipal Bond Advisor , a newsletter for investors .
Last month , Morgan Grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 49.6 % to # 32.8 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business .
Mellon Bank Corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 common shares .
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor .
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a `` pay parity '' clause in the pilots ' contract .
Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process .
If we want meaningful priorities , we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments .
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .
Revenue rose 77 % to $ 72.6 million , from last year 's $ 41 million .
Our commitment to manage these businesses profitably will continue . ''
Unilab said its wholly owned MetWest Inc. unit paid $ 25 million in cash , provided $ 30 million in notes and $ 30 million in preferred stock to acquire Central 's labs in the Western U.S. .
Orkem , France 's third-largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .
They continued to represent that to the board , '' said Mr. Lloyd .
Such an assertion most likely would bring about a court challenge from Congress that would clarify whether a president already has such power .
He likes to tell the yarn of how he got lost on the expansive ranch during an early visit , took refuge in an office and called the front desk for help .
The deal requires regulatory and shareholder approval .
Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Ford may seek all of Jaguar , setting the stage for a possible bidding war with GM .
Paintings are just part of the picture .
COCA-COLA Co . ( Atlanta ) --
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said .
That would follow a 3.9 % advance in August .
They are designed to be given to patients by their doctors when the medicines are prescribed and include space for the doctor to write special instructions .
As power and commuters returned to much of downtown San Francisco for the first time since Tuesday 's temblor in the Bay area , three strong aftershocks , one measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale , jolted the region .
He added that until now the Japanese have only acquired equity positions in U.S. biotechnology companies .
Steel shares fell back after advancing for three days .
`` A normal person did not write the Beethoven ` Violin Concerto , ' '' he declares .
Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 165.1 million , or $ 4.40 a share , down 7 % from $ 177.5 million , or $ 4.76 a share , a year earlier .
Like West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during Germany 's division .
Immunex Corp. said its scientists isolated a molecule which may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune-system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma .
That brought in considerable fund selling , which continued until the close of trading .
Mr. Silvers says , `` I wanted to be interviewed to get Abbie 's story out , and maybe talking about the illness will do some good . ''
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120-day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .
William E. Downing , Pacific Bell 's vice president of customer services for the Bay area , says most long-distance companies were blocking about 50 % of all calls .
Chairman
This letter was inspired by David Asman 's Sept. 25 editorial-page article about Fidel Castro , `` Man in the Middle of Drug Trafficking . ''
A lot of big European banks , mostly French , and Swiss arb accounts have been buying the stock just to flip it '' for a quick profit , he said .
And a week later , Japan raised its official discount rate by a half point to 3.75 % .
But while the Merc reopened a half hour later , the CBOE remained closed , leaving many options traders unable to make trades that might have reduced the losses .
ENERGY : The attitude was `` wait-and-see '' in crude oil futures yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
That idea may have backfired .
If a record industry lacked a common standard , Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna 's `` Like a Prayer '' but not one made for a Panasonic player .
Mr. Crandall said the company 's current decline in earnings is exactly the kind of situation that an excessively leveraged company laden with debt from a takeover would find difficult to weather .
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee , unhappy with the carrier 's plans for emerging from bankruptcy-law proceedings , asked its own experts to devise alternate approaches to a reorganization .
After 11:30 a.m. or so `` we have them standing and waiting , '' she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special ( grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea .
But the unit 's third segment , wildlife traps , is suffering from a `` depressed market , '' and Ekco is seeking to sell that segment , he said .
Housing issues were boosted by a report that Daiwa House expects to post 43 % higher earnings for its latest fiscal year , traders said .
Storm flooding caused back-ups on the freeway , and many commuters had to find rides to BART 's stations , because parking lots were full before dawn .
Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices `` for a while . ''
Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch and water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing but chance or oversight protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch and waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors .
Coke said the joint-venture arrangement , which needs approval from both companies ' boards , should be completed early next year .
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies .
They added that the settlement is the culmination of a 2 1\/2-year investigation into the company 's aluminum pricing practices in connection with KC-135s .
California expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 1.06 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official .
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business .
Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million , or $ 1.04 a share , compared with $ 73.6 million , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , the units closed at $ 15.125 , up 12.5 cents .
This charge was partly offset , however , by $ 19 million in pretax capital gains .
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 800 rebates on its 1990 Beretta , the two-door version of its core compact-car line .
Sixty thousand surfers atop a concrete wall , waiting for the wipeout .
`` These two exposures alone represent a very substantial portion of CS First Boston 's equity , '' Moody 's said .
The American Institute for Imported Steel said imports for the first eight months of 1989 were below the level allowed by the Voluntary Restraint Agreement program .
The subsidiary is n't expected to be profitable for at least one year .
`` I ca n't do anything score-wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''
`` They 're often right across the street from one another , '' Mr. Thompson said .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's Eastern Airlines unit .
Analysts on average had been expecting about $ 2.70 for Alcoa and $ 1 for Alcan .
But ultimately he was undone by forces unleashed by his own comrade , Mr. Gorbachev .
The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets , a discretion that former SEC Chairman David Ruder wanted but Mr. Breeden does n't .
But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied .
Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography .
At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders .
Normally , Sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions .
Your interest is not taken to heart because people only care about your performance '' .
Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the bank or thrift that issued the CD is closed and its deposits paid off before maturity or transferred to another institution at a lower rate .
Other manufacturers are equally cautious .
But one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on the Soviet economy or other issues .
As of last weekend , a dozen labs also have reported measuring `` excess '' heat from similar electrolytic experiments , although amounts of such heat vary widely .
If the Legislature does n't repeal the law , due for revision in 1990 , Mr. Jones says Humana may move its insurance operations , including 3,000 jobs in Louisville , to another state .
But I loved turbans . '' )
The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million , and Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother to Mr. Lang .
Or an interest in a retirement community in Nevada that will knock your socks off , once it is built ?
Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Why , he used to lay in wait for Cap ; suddenly he 'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap 's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $ 2 billion or so .
In the San Francisco area , roughly 800,000 barrels a day of crude , about a third of all the refining capacity in California , is processed daily , according to industry data .
The company said it expects to receive acceptances for its offer of 253 pence ( $ 4.05 ) per share representing at least 67 % of Ross Catherall 's issued share capital , or 12.7 million ordinary shares .
Esselte Business Systems rose 1 to 43 1\/2 .
His more is always less .
Nevertheless , the company said that in the latest quarter there were increased material and labor costs , including a new employee profit-sharing plan .
Using Gnu-Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes .
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan .
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has softened since August 1988 .
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . ''
The securities were priced to float monthly at 20 basis points above the 30-day commercial paper rate .
`` When the going gets rough , China penalizes the efficient and rewards the incompetent , '' says a Western economist .
Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict .
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . ''
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks .
Meritor has headed the list since May .
For example , the chief executive himself now pays 20 % of the cost of his health benefits ; the company used to pay 100 % .
Mr. Agnos declined the invitations , the White House said .
Mr. Bologna said the sale would allow Gen-Probe to speed up the development of new technology , and to more quickly apply existing technology to an array of diagnostic products the company wants to offer .
The dollar finished mixed , while gold declined .
The 45-year-old Mr. Kuehn , who has a background in crisis management , succeeds Alan D. Rubendall , 45 .
Canadian Pacific Ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. it does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share , or about $ 81.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year .
Just before the actual closing arguments , the firm put the case to a vote of the five shadow jurors , each of whom was being paid $ 150 a day .
Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend and predict the U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term and then shift lower .
Shipments of its Lemans to GM 's Pontiac division are off about 65 % from a year ago , versus a 44 % decline for Hyundai and an 18 % increase for Kia .
A small decline in total construction for the entire year is possible if contracting for housing does n't increase in response to this year 's lower mortgage rates , said George A. Christie , vice president and chief economist of Dodge , the forecasting division of publisher McGraw-Hill Inc .
Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price .
It comes real gentle before it pulls .
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ?
Also , Richard A. Barkley , a former marketing executive with FMC Corp. , was appointed president of Continental Container Systems , a producer of can closing machinery that Figgie acquired late last year .
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
He said he would n't comment on the CFTC plan until the exchange has seen the full proposal .
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law .
Exports made up 46.2 % of the latest year 's total , up from 39.8 % a year ago .
The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September , but a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 or 178.9 , up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 .
Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street .
The beneficiaries would range from pineapple growers to rich grandparents to tuxedo-rental shops .
Chairman Carl L. Bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier .
`` If we 've got folks out there who are being turned away in the mortgage market improperly and unfairly , '' said Sen. Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich. ) , chairman of the banking committee , `` then that is a matter that needs remedy now , not six months from now , or six years from now , or 26 years from now . ''
The second part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1999 , was priced as 8 3\/8 % securities at 99.691 to yield 8.42 % .
But the junk recovery , led by the bellwether RJR Holdings bonds , was precarious .
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks .
`` The market acted better , but it was n't a tremendous comeback , '' Mr. Zipper observed .
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission ruled unanimously that the financial troubles facing the Seabrook , N.H. , nuclear-power plant have no impact on whether the plant receives a full-power license .
Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring .
While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said .
The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important . ''
Once you 're Miss America , you 're always Miss America . ''
Mr. Titus is a researcher at the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice .
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat .
He is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees .
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .
Fletcher Challenge Ltd. said its Petrocorp unit agreed to acquire certain Alberta oil and gas interests from Amoco Corp. 's Canadian unit , for about 130 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 110.6 million ) .
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year .
`` Red Delicious has been overplanted , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , '' says Washington State 's Mr. Norton .
And `` shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , '' he said .
But with its stake in Jaguar , which it raised yesterday to 11.95 % , Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the restriction sooner .
Ducks .
But some are skeptical of the code 's effectiveness .
Having argued that Galileo 's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch .
Born the illegitimate son of his father 's maid , he was raised on the mean streets of the central market district of Panama City .
Investors have been speculating for weeks about the market 's ability to place the $ 7 billion to $ 10 billion of new junk bonds scheduled to be sold by year end .
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it .
As a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city , Mr. Giuliani has an inherent handicap .
One building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby .
Your narrow focus appears to be a contrived attempt to show the people of that historic city to be doddering fools .
Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals .
The received Darwinian wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design , limited in scope and ancestral to contemporary species .
It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project , a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama , about an hour outside Tokyo .
`` If I were buying a building in San Francisco now the first thing I 'd do is insist on a structural inspection , then I 'd delay a little , stall a little . ''
Mr. Buffett 's firm , Berkshire Hathaway , holds a much bigger stake in the carrier than Mr. Steinhardt 's firm , Steinhardt Partners .
Yesterday , for example , `` the durable goods numbers came out for September and the number was down only 0.1 % , '' she said .
Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed .
The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 , and Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they `` abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government and their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong . ''
Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans .
`` Until this came up and hit the press , there was never any indication that he was doing anything wrong . ''
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? ''
The lawyers are now in charge of our national security .
( `` I defy you to come up with one major accomplishment of David Dinkins , '' says Mr. Giuliani . )
Books and software everywhere .
In 1980 , the study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people aged 18 years and older .
Supporting banks will sign a `` Texas Declaration of Independents . ''
But the Glacier Bay case , the fund 's first test , shows how easily the fund can be undermined .
New England Electric System , Westborough , Mass. , has proposed buying the company for $ 2 billion as part of a plan that would require rate increases of only 4.8 % annually for seven years .
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier .
None made it past the body searches and X-rays of mine security .
Some of the coal the plants buy will come from Westmoreland mines .
Mr. Bush said the group is to `` focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference . ''
Gen-Probe agreed to be bought by Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million .
Mr. Terrizzi wo n't say specifically , explaining that if there was such a move , it would take about three days to complete the loose ends of the transaction .
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so .
Some cities , including New York , have experimented with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses .
His morning paper , the Washington Post , even carries a sports column called `` Jurisprudence '' that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers .
These A 's , however , got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card .
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services .
Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. and Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis .
Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 .
The former first lady of the Philippines , asked a federal court in Manhattan to dismiss an indictment against her , claiming among other things , that she was abducted from her homeland .
BanPonce jumped 4 1\/2 to 47 3\/4 after agreeing to be acquired by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for $ 56.25 a share .
That heavily politicized event learned nothing from the horrifying experience , and seems doomed to repeat it .
`` I 've ripped out a lot of Delicious '' and grafted the trees with many different shoots , says Steve Wood , a West Lebanon , N.H. , grower , tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently .
Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear .
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons .
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp .
`` Every year we 've been waiting for stepped-up expansion from the company .
British government bonds surged on renewed volatility in the stock market .
Still , there is money to be made .
Maybe they were hidden by all the people . ''
Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations .
But in recent weeks , construction-industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site .
But Bouygues said its first-half profit is n't indicative of the full-year trend because of the highly seasonal nature of many of the company 's activities .
The move also helps the Rochester , N.Y. , photographic giant ensure that its motion-picture film business -- for which it holds a virtual monopoly , supplying every Hollywood movie company -- is n't made obsolete by the upstart HDTV business .
The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air .
Though the trading halts are offered as a sign of concern about recent stock market volatility , most Wall Street firms remain open to handle program trading for customers .
New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power .
The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor , indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue .
Rural Solidarity objected , to no avail , when Solidarity leader Lech Walesa accepted the Peasants ' support .
Although bond prices were n't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices , traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market .
The beta of the broad market , typically defined as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , is always 1.0 .
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn .
Sens. John Glenn ( D. , Ohio ) , John McCain , ( R. , Ariz. ) and Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif. ) also received substantial contributions from Mr. Keating and sought to intervene on behalf of Lincoln .
That has n't deterred plenty of companies .
Responding to such questions is `` defensive , '' says Kenneth Olissa , Wang 's vice president , marketing .
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp .
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air .
If it promotes fashion too much , the shop risks alienating its old-line customers ; by emphasizing `` value , '' it risks watering down its high-minded mystique .
Istat said the statistics are provisional and are n't seasonally adjusted .
They then run remotely controlled self-diagnostic programs .
Dragging Prop. 13 into this story is a pretty long stretch .
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film .
In either case , the investor faces three possible outcomes :
Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade .
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice .
Nobody knows how many billions of dollars the Americans With Disabilities Act will cost , because nobody knows what the bill entails .
Mr. Owen of Kleinwort Benson suggested that the new chancellor , John Major , will take a tough line in his autumn statement later this month , helping to underpin the pound .
After years of experimenting , Mr. Chan produced a heavy-duty bicycle tire that outlasted its state-produced rival .
Eagle Clothes Inc. , which is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors .
Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been `` atrocious , '' the company nonetheless is attractive as a `` classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . ''
Economic analysts call his trail-blazing liberalization of the Indian economy incomplete , and many are hoping for major new liberalizations if he is returned firmly to power .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly half a point , or about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months .
`` I do n't have anything much to say , and I think that 's what you 're going to find from everyone else you talk to up here , '' says local attorney Edward F. Peduzzi .
That illustrates the kind of disappointment many Indians feel toward Mr. Gandhi , whom they zestfully elected and enthusiastically supported in his first two years in power .
Municipal
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents .
Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants .
Researchers can apply for permission to use the probes for brain studies .
Overall , Salomon reported program trading volume of 75.2 million shares .
In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen .
In Panama , the U.S. interests at stake were happily minor ; the only people killed were foreigners hapless enough to trust American will .
One group is the Committee on State Taxation , which comprises 330 multistate corporations and advises the Council of State Chambers of Commerce .
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around .
At least , it would not have happened without the support of monetary policy that provided for a 10-fold increase in the money supply during the same period .
After he had been head of the company for 3 1\/2 years , he and his partners sold it to Phibro , a powerful commodity trading outfit , for $ 550 million in Phibro stock .
Others preach the gospel of buying only blue-chip growth stocks .
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
Hundreds of people lined up every day at the Colgate-Palmolive Co. stand to receive a free tube of toothpaste , a commodity in chronically short supply here .
`` That and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry . ''
But Mr. Fitzwater said , `` There will be , I think quite obviously , a very large amount of money required from all levels of government . ''
The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , `` as well as the intense competition in the company 's sanitary protection product line . ''
Bloomingdale 's is a 17-store chain acquired last year by Campeau in its $ 6.6 billion acquisition of Federated .
In a new TV ad , for instance , a woman going through the Sunday newspaper brands as hype claims by other stores that they are offering goods for `` 50 % , 60 % and 70 % off .
A $ 137.6 million Maryland Stadium Authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start .
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker , for fees reported in the $ 20,000 range .
Mr. Pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , `` I did n't say forever , and I did n't say every property . ''
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said .
`` From a cash flow point of view , British Airways is better off not being in United Airlines in the short term , '' said Andy Chambers , an analyst at Nomura Research Institute in London .
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road .
In contrast to previous economic booms , Japanese auto companies are n't just trying to boost production .
`` December delivery gold is trading in a range of $ 365 to $ 375 { an ounce } and is having difficulty breaking out above that , '' Mr. Savaiko said .
The 15 % restriction covers any would-be suitor , British or foreign .
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement .
In an interview , Mr. Joseph says his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 60 points after the report 's release , before recovering to close 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 .
Mr. Stovall does n't expect an actual recession .
In the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 , the company reported sales of $ 59.5 million and pretax profit of $ 2.9 million .
Some analysts add that third-party pressures to reduce health costs will continue to bedevil companies ' bottom lines .
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .
Some analysts remain bullish .
Buyers can look forward to double-digit annual returns if they are right .
Mr. Mahfouz 's Cairo also has Sufi sheiks and saintly wives who look to God , not crime , for their salvation .
But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the Nimitz Freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , Mr. Drago explained .
If Eastern can get creditor support , court confirmation of its plan could be relatively swift .
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share
But experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet .
The TVA , in fact , decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the Financing Bank , which allows TVA to keep borrowing short term from the bank for two years after it goes to the public market .
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year .
The Allianz statement also reinforced the belief that the takeover battle could be a long one .
Away from the general obligation sector , activity was modest .
He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it .
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit .
But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors .
Meanwhile , PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money .
House and Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion for the Strategic Defense Initiative during the current fiscal year .
And then there is his notion of an Irish-Soviet charter airline to ferry Armenians to Los Angeles via Shannon .
Stocks :
Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period .
`` But instead of gathering their input piecemeal , we formed the team , which reached consensus on the proposal objectives and produced a statement of work to guide all the functions that were involved . ''
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval .
It meant to convey our hope that the Senator and other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners .
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution .
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40 % -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking .
She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned .
So far no one has .
Tass said Lenin 's tomb in Red Square will be closed from Nov. 10 to Jan. 15 for essential maintenance .
Detroit-based GM does n't issue separate quarterly earnings for the North American automotive business .
But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds .
Mr. Phelan is an adroit diplomat who normally appears to be solidly in control of the Big Board 's factions .
`` Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . ''
The group 's bid for $ 40.9 million of wastewater treatment insured bonds , Series 1989 A , produced a 7.0826 % true interest cost .
Does the candidate favor parental consent for teen-age abortions ?
Or perhaps that is a fitting symbol for the United States of 1989 : Everything for sale ; nothing of real value .
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere .
The change in expected cash distributions from the Champs real estate investment trust stems from a revised estimate of administrative costs , said Jay R. Cohen , Champs executive vice president .
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month .
Nonetheless , each has too much potential value to the system to be banned by legislative fiat before the CFTC carefully considers all the consequences of a ban and what the regulatory alternatives are .
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine .
And in a separate transaction , Beghin-Say will sell its remaining 25 % interest in A.T.B. , a holding company for international trading assets , to an unspecified unit of Ferruzzi for 258 million francs .
Mr. Chan , now 64 years old , invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste .
But critics fret that post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to Beijing .
One essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable frequency .
Meanwhile , a federal mediator is scheduled to meet today with Boeing officials and representatives of 55,000 striking Machinists .
For the first eight months of 1989 , thrifts ' withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 44.5 billion .
The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place .
It noted that last July , Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. of Japan selected AT&T to supply $ 154 million of such equipment over a four-year period starting next year .
`` Our president said acquisition is an effective method . ''
Hiroyuki Murai , general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities , said that after looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge , participants realized that the Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals .
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico .
HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold and general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today .
Harken , which made its offer in August , said it still is awaiting a response to its offer from Tesoro 's board .
Photographic developers , for example , bought equipment to recover silver from spent photographs , negatives and processing solutions .
Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels and printed in the Netherlands and Switzerland , will increase 9 % .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Gintel said Xtra `` has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders .
The plunge made Shearson 's market commentary instantly out of date .
Oji Paper 's sales strength was evident in overall paper products sales , including newsprints , printing and wrapping papers , which rose to 221.61 billion yen in the first half from 200.70 billion yen a year earlier .
`` We 're picking up steam , '' insists Roger Ailes , Mr. Giuliani 's media consultant , whose last big campaign helped put George Bush in the White House .
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber .
The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed .
Through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user , but rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market .
The results include $ 106 million of tax benefits associated with previous years ' Third World loan activity , compared with $ 15 million a year earlier .
`` Now , Philip Morris { Kraft General Foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , '' says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division .
Of course , self-reform is about the last thing this Congress is interested in .
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 .
Grain , milk and meat come next .
The high-tech industry is full of the kind of arrangement that the new guidelines would affect .
Second , the $ 5,760 I 'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 10 years of inflation ; Amex , not I , would get the benefit of the investment income on my money , income that would have exceeded the inflation rate and thus given the company a real profit .
His truck is parked across the field , in a row of grain sellers .
Rep. Garcia , on trial for bribery and extortion , puts statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes to `` scheduling conflicts . '' ...
Insider selling is not unusual at Dun & Bradstreet ; in fact , the recent pace of selling is just about average for the company , according to figures compiled by Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , firm that specializes in tracking and analyzing SEC insider filings .
One would force brokerage houses to provide the SEC detailed information about loans made by their holding companies .
Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe , instead of turning to IBM .
A spokesman for Borden Inc. , the nation 's largest milk producer , concedes Goya may be on to something .
Ajinomoto Co. , a Tokyo-based food-processing concern , said net income in its first half rose 8.9 % to 8.2 billion yen ( $ 57.7 million ) from 7.54 billion yen a year earlier .
U.S. officials , however , said they are n't buying the Israeli argument .
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook .
I like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . ''
Following are excerpts from the electronic traffic that night .
In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda .
By moving the settlement date ahead , the Treasury can raise money under the $ 2.87 trillion debt ceiling that is in effect through tomorrow , after which it reverts to $ 2.8 trillion .
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
`` Magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said James Autry , president of Meredith Corp. 's magazine group .
The protesters who greeted Mikhail Gorbachev at East Berlin 's airport earlier this month were n't shouting `` Go U.S.A '' -- they were chanting `` Gorby , Help Us . ''
In addition , New York-based LIN would exercise its right to buy out for $ 1.9 billion the 55 % equity interest of its partner , Metromedia Co. , in a New York cellular franchise .
It would be attractive to an agency such as Interpublic , one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own .
Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale . ''
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co .
The aerospace and financial services concern said net income fell 5 % to $ 59.5 million from $ 62.8 million .
The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 .
Senate GOP leader Dole ridicules the budget chief on the Senate floor .
Honda Motor Co. , which continues to have short supplies of domestically made Accords , saw its sales of North American-built cars fall 14.1 % to 8,355 .
U.S. officials estimated that gray-market imports total about 2,100 units a year , a small part of the more than three million vehicles exported to the U.S. each year .
The strongest sign of the Big Three 's woes came from Ford Motor Co. , which said it had a loss in its U.S. automotive business for the first time since 1982 .
But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items , such as psychiatric care , in basic health plans .
At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents .
Production of cars rose to 801,835 units in September , a 5.5 % increase from a year earlier .
With `` Planet News , '' music meant to accompany readings of Allen Ginsberg 's `` Wichita Vortex Sutra , '' Mr. Glass gets going .
A spokeswoman for J.P. Morgan , parent of the bank Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. , confirmed its appointment to assist the managers but declined to elaborate .
Mr. Mastro will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for Gibson Dunn , which is based in Los Angeles .
So far , no ally has complained openly , preserving the impression that NATO is in line with the Bush position that a quick agreement bringing Soviet conventional forces down to parity with NATO is the West 's top bargaining priority .
An experimental vaccine can alter the immune response of people infected with the AIDS virus , a prominent U.S. scientist said .
The San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for quake-displaced animals .
Owings , Md .
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % .
Rated triple-A by both Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers Inc .
Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency .
Economists expected twice as large an increase .
KIM :
Still , without many actual deals to show off , Kidder is left to stress that it finally has `` a team '' in place , and that everyone works harder .
An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : `` nobody is wedded to the language in the bill . ''
A spokeswoman for the state 's Office of Court Administration declined to comment on the suit .
It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro .
Because of the pressure on CenTrust to sell , dealers and collectors have been trying to get the paintings at bargain-basement prices .
Hiroshima last week held an auction to pick the contractor , expecting to pay about 11 million yen for the project .
In addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter .
Massachusetts -- Approximately $ 230 million of general bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , via competitive bid .
Corporate taxes paid for almost 12 % of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8 % in the first half of the 1980s , the study found .
In trading on the American Stock Exchange , Delmed closed at 50 cents , down 6.25 cents .
SENATE HEARS final arguments in impeachment trial of federal judge .
The House version of the bill would make debt non-deductible if it pays five percentage points above Treasury notes , has at least a five-year maturity and does n't pay interest for at least one year out of the first five .
On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining .
Combatting crime and the fear of it in inner-city commercial areas should give Enterprise Zones more success than most have enjoyed to date .
Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job .
Auto makers , who began deferring some equipment purchases last spring , can be expected to remain cautious about spending if their sales do n't pick up , machine tool builders say .
New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months , a magazine for expectant mothers , and has already launched American Home .
Seldom have House hearings caused so much apprehension in the Senate , where California Sen. Cranston and four other senators were already writhing in the glare of unfavorable publicity over the alleged looting of Lincoln by their friend and political benefactor , Charles Keating Jr. , principal stockholder of Lincoln 's parent company , American Continental Corp. of Phoenix , Ariz .
`` I 'm sympathetic with workers who feel under the gun , '' says Richard Barton of the Direct Marketing Association of America , which is lobbying strenuously against the Edwards beeper bill .
Efforts by the Hong Kong Futures Exchange to introduce a new interest-rate futures contract continue to hit snags , despite the support the proposed instrument enjoys in the colony 's financial community .
Denied a vote on substance , the GOP leadership in the Senate on Friday morning was confronted with a hard choice .
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 .
Outside the U.S. , he said , producer stocks at the end of August were 273,000 tons , down 3,000 tons from the end of July .
What does this mean for trade policy ?
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion .
In its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and Florida condos .
For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels .
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel .
Short-term Treasury securities ended narrowly mixed , with two-year notes posting slight declines while three-year notes were slightly higher .
Despite all these innovations , most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes -- the ignominiously named `` bedrock sweepers '' who toil in the wake of the excavators .
There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 .
Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business , such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment .
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances .
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed .
Morever , Mr. Addison has said Southern Co. and its units do n't condone illegal political contributions .
Although some of the Japanese banks involved in the first proposed bid for UAL bowed out because they found the terms unattractive , observers here say they have a hard time believing that commercial considerations were the only reason .
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''
More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety , America 's No. 2 apple .
The spun-off concern `` clearly will be one of the dominant real estate development companies with a prime portfolio , '' he said .
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies .
'' Ford probably would try to kill the proposal by enlisting support from U.S. takeover-stock speculators and holding out the carrot of a larger bid later , said Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at London brokers UBS Phillips & Drew .
Added another U.K. analyst : `` It gives them some cash in the back pocket for when they want to do something . ''
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down .
Giant yellow cranes were wheeled up alongside the collapsed segment , preparing to lift off chunks of the debris .
Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller .
The executives say Time may seek to break up the transaction after it is consummated , or may seek constraints that would prevent Tele-Communications from dropping HBO in any of its cable systems in favor of Showtime .
Mrs. Burford remains bitter over the overwhelming legal expenses involved in clearing her name .
The consumer electronics , home appliances and information-processing concern said revenue in the six months ended Sept. 30 rose 8.9 % to 517.85 billion yen from 475.6 billion yen .
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .
How would this bastion of traditional values fare in Ms. Bogart 's iconoclastic hands ?
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
Clarcor Inc. said a plan to sell its J.L. Clark Inc. subsidiary to a group headed by Anderson Industries Inc. for $ 70.3 million has been terminated .
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3426.33 , up
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares .
Another provision clarifies certain limits on when prosecutors may use tax-fraud charges as a basis for bringing a racketeering case .
The account had previously been handled by Saatchi & Saatchi Wegener , New York .
Culver City Redevelopment Financing Authority , Calif. -- $ 145 million of revenue bonds , Series 1989 , tentatively priced by a Stone & Youngberg group .
General Motors continued to be hardest hit .
Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that 's worst off .
Volume for the entire month of September totaled only 21,687 contracts , compared with a daily average of 27,000 in the month before the 1987 crash .
She said it was too early to say what would happen to its clients , including Reebok and Apple .
Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene , it became possible last January to find out what threat the Quinlan baby faced .
Because Mr. Krenz has been very much in accord with the policies of Honecker . ''
Lynn Staley , the Globe 's assistant managing editor for design , acknowledges that the visages were `` on the low end of the likeness spectrum . ''
Sam , Max 's brother , has escaped the flesh by working as a liveried chauffeur and never seeking a wife .
Yasumichi Morishita , whose art gallery last month became a major shareholder in Christies International PLC , the London auction house , is one man who does n't fit the mold .
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % .
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision .
THE MILEAGE RATE allowed for business use of a car in 1989 has risen to 25.5 cents a mile for the first 15,000 from 24 cents in 1988 , the IRS says ; the rate stays 11 cents for each added mile .
In the year-ago quarter , the company reported earnings of $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share .
There has indeed been more than a one percentage point improvement in productivity growth since 1981 .
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . ''
2 . Even where the Fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it .
Maxicare said the plan stipulates that enrollees in the company 's health plans will have valid claims covered in full .
Stop-Limit Order : Stop-limit orders turn into limit orders when an investment trades at the price specified in the order .
Even though the over-the-counter market usually does n't fall by as much as listed stocks during program-selling blitzes , he said , `` when the market does recover , the damage is done and it leaves Nasdaq down more than the Big Board . ''
Mr. Hollander 's Stamford , Conn.-based High Technology Holding Co. acquired most of its 49.4 % stake in Newport in August .
And liquidity is what markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks .
In addition , another major building tenant , Thomson McKinnon Inc. 's Thomson McKinnon Securities , likely will vacate the premises as part of its liquidation .
In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of conspiracy , mail and securities fraud , and obstructing an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
`` You can find some good , quality companies over the counter , '' but investors should be selective , says John Palicka , chief portfolio manager at Midco Investors , a Newark , N.J. , money management company with about $ 900 million invested in growth stocks of varying sizes .
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject .
The company 's president quit suddenly .
Japan is going on a capital-spending binge that could make its trade surpluses even harder to shrink .
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .
Bankers Trust New York Corp. won permission from the Federal Reserve Board to move the company 's private placement department to its fledgling securities subsidiary .
And , according to one dealer , Mr. Wachter had a penchant for introducing Mr. Paul with the phrase : `` He can buy anything . ''
`` For a piece on local heroes of World War II , we can ask people to leave the name and number of anyone they know who won a medal , '' he says .
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes .
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company .
`` We do n't need the cash . ''
General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash , $ 22 million face amount of senior notes and 49 % of the new company 's stock .
Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free .
The verdict , reached late last week in Cincinnati , may end an eight-year legal battle for the Greensboro , N.C. , carpet maker .
The stakes in the controversy are large .
STOCK PRICES SWUNG wildly as the market reacted to an initial plunge by UAL shares , followed by a sharp rebound in the afternoon .
Wall Street executives said they believed that Renaissance 's $ 900 million buy program was carried out by PaineWebber Inc .
The move will give Nuovo Banco a badly needed foreign presence , and make Credit Agricole the bank 's largest shareholder .
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features .
The 10 3\/4 % debentures last traded at 35 .
`` The fundamentals of supply and demand once again are setting oil prices , '' says Victor Burk , an Arthur Andersen & Co. oil expert .
The issue came to a head last year , officials recalled , partly because the Reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new Panama coup efforts .
The committee gave the government until Nov. 15 to revise the proposal .
Developer Steve Caspi says the same brand name indicates consistent quality , `` regardless of location , design or amenities . ''
The offering for the language school unit was announced by Robert Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer of London-based Maxwell Communication Corp. , which owns Macmillan .
In that context , Robert Loggia 's riveting performance as the unlovable -- even crotchety -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most .
Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding and Eagle 2.6 million .
The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called oncogenes .
`` I do n't trust people who do n't eat , '' said Ms. Volokh , though she herself stopped eating lunch a few years ago to drop 25 pounds .
Shearson Lehman Hutton gave small investors some welcome news by announcing that it would no longer handle index-arbitrage-related program trades for its accounts .
If Integrated regains Royal Alliance , the representatives will retain their 49 % ownership .
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading .
Industry officials say the Bay Bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of repairing it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds .
`` The obligation is totally unwarranted , '' the statement said .
Its shares added 3\/4 to 30 3\/4 .
`` It 's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell , '' a senior dealer with Kleinwort Benson Securities said .
The fledgling science went corporate in 1977 when International Business Machines Corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case .
`` If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , '' says Mr. Verwoerd .
The original transaction fell through on the same day British Air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the British succeeded in arranging the financing for its equity contribution .
The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' thus further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality in TV news .
She urges client couples to begin a `` detoxification '' period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves .
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina .
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction .
Mr. Asman is also annoyed that Mr. Castro has resisted collaboration with U.S. officials , even though by his own account that collaboration has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the Cuban regime , such as facilitating defections .
But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties .
Bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy .
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co .
Steve Lowe , general manager of Jasper , Ga. , dealership , said new rebates of $ 500 to $ 1,000 on the models have stimulated sales , but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks .
For their part , the group of Democrats are working on a plan that , like the Packwood proposal , would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies .
This year he bought two stores , one in Brooklyn and one in Queens .
Milan-based Odeon , which draws about 3 % of Italian TV viewers , has debt of 250 billion lire ( $ 181.9 million ) , Mr. Fiorini said .
CBS expects to make modest profits , but rivals contend that it will take a beating .
Trinova , which had 34.2 million common shares outstanding Sept. 30 , had repurchased 29,700 shares since October 1987 before this latest announcement .
Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally .
Traders said these issues need large-volume buying to push up their prices , so substantial gains are n't likely unless institutional investors participate .
In the wake of the earthquake in California and the devastation of Hurricane Hugo , many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness .
`` There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of ( Mexico 's ) government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico .
It also provides for benefit adjustments , including a partial restoration of vacations and holidays , as well as work-rule changes to increase productivity .
When her husband and son founded their computer company , Vesoft , she worked as business manager , bookkeeper and publicist .
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . ''
Options traders were hurt worse than others on Friday because of the highly volatile nature of options , which often rise or fall in value several times the amount of the price change in the individual stock or index of stocks on which they are based .
Among other things , Mr. Bologna said that the sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome , or AIDS .
Despite the yen 's weakness with respect to the mark , Tokyo traders say they do n't expect the Bank of Japan to take any action to support the Japanese currency on that front .
Credit Local de France -- 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % , privately placed notes due Dec. 1 , 1996 , priced at 100 1\/2 to yield 5.91 % , via Swiss Bank Corp .
Mobil alluded to the work-force cuts last week when it took a $ 40 million charge as part of its third-quarter earnings and attributed it to a restructuring .
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
Mr. Brady and senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill .
Obviously , it 's harder to establish a sense of place in a one-shot TV movie .
CBS pursues top sports `` to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , '' charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago .
`` Oh no .
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . ''
The dispute was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in August .
Indeed , some analysts expect the government to report that the movement of young cattle onto feedlots in the month of September in seven big ranch states dropped 8 % compared with the level for September 1988 .
The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor 's Corp. , which has the issue under review .
The vast majority of the U.S. corn crop now is grown from hybrid seeds produced by seed companies .
There are some important caveats : Before investing in stocks , individuals should have at least three to six months of living expenses set aside in the bank , most investment advisers say .
( Roussel reportedly has every pill marked and accounted for to make sure none slips into the black market . )
Revenue from business-telephone operations grew 3.3 % to $ 618.9 million from $ 599.4 million a year ago .
However , CDs sold through major broker-dealer networks were up slightly almost across the board .
They want late-night shuttles to the biology labs .
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it .
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings .
Deutsche Bank AG , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union , is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies .
Beauregard Houston-Montgomery , a New York writer who changed his name from William Stretch in 1980 , is an inveterate name-dropper .
The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says Larry Biehl , partner in the San Mateo , Calif. , money-management firm of Bailard , Biehl & Kaiser .
Tell that to Atlanta , which Pittsburgh replaced as the most-livable city in 1985 .
Comments from the audience reflected widespread , if wistful , agreement with those conclusions .
Washington , D.C. --
`` We certainly see an increasing trend toward that , '' she added .
Santa Clara County has a running total so far of $ 504 million , excluding the hard-hit city of Los Gatos .
`` We are very lucky to easily change an export loss to domestic plus , '' says Hong Tu Pyo , managing director of domestic marketing for Hyundai Motor Co .
But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks .
In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana .
However , Monarch Capital Corp. of Springfield , Mass. , has developed a `` combination plan '' of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences .
But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip .
Behind second-place Morgan Stanley were Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit .
International Proteins shares did n't trade yesterday on the American Stock Exchange .
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market .
`` You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her . ''
Two weeks ago , viewers of several NBC daytime consumer segments started calling a 900 number for advice on various life-style issues .
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes , minus the one that caused the virulence , would have been transferred to another bacterium , called E. coli , which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin .
Some so-called high-quality junk issues , such as R.H. Macy & Co. 's 14 1\/2 % subordinated debentures , rose .
-- Sophomore basketball player .
In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news .
To try to draw more fans , he has dropped end-zone ticket prices from $ 25 to $ 19 .
In reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the gravy train .
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors .
Perhaps Mr. Reagan , who claimed that air pollution is caused by trees , is the man you should be quoting to back up your position that economics is more important than the Earth .
One protest did get past NASA 's guard , though ; a computer virus caused anti-Galileo messages to flash onto some computer screens at NASA centers .
`` If you 're selling equities , you do n't start getting proceeds for five to seven days , '' said Frank Rachwalski , who manages the Kemper Money Market Fund .
The room in question is the directors ' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co. , 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh .
Now he has settled into a career that fits the bill -- financial planning .
Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them .
He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding .
Health Care Property holds an interest in 139 facilities in 30 states .
We have very exciting prospects for far more impressive advances in the treatment of colon cancer during the years immediately ahead .
The wait was miserable .
PACIFIC TELESIS GROUP , San Francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.5 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , Pacific Bell and Pacific Telesis Cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in Santa Cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 10 times the usual , causing a big slowdown .
The overall private-sector employment cost index , which includes both wages and benefits , rose 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 .
The bank also said it will establish a loan-loss reserve of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million against a construction loan that is in default .
`` What { the report } shows is everything we 've been saying for the past eight or nine years -- that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry .
`` The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst .
The recruiting `` has n't materialized , '' asserts Jeffrey Christian , who runs a search agency .
China frequently lambastes the U.S. Embassy for harboring astrophysicist Fang Lizhi , a political dissident who took refuge there after the massacre .
The acquisition was completed in September .
He has a claim to the right to commercialize the Westinghouse patents , but he contends that those patents are being infringed by a number of Japanese producers .
The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas .
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money .
About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and blank checks .
The Fed chairman 's caution was apparent again on the Monday morning after the market 's plunge , when the central bank took only modest steps to aid the markets .
The agency also concluded that LTV 's financial status had improved while it was under reorganization .
Citing its reduced ownership in the Lyondell Petrochemical Co. , Atlantic Richfield reported that net income slid 3.1 % in the third quarter to $ 379 million , or $ 2.19 a share , from $ 391 million , or $ 2.17 a share , for the comparable period last year .
I 'm OK . ''
That the motivation for the two-year reduction to 19.6 % is budgetary does not mean it is not in the public interest .
Per-share net rose to 44.08 yen from 36.13 yen .
Critics of the plan , including the town of Braintree , say the incinerator is a health hazard .
In addition to 26 chapters in the U.S. , there are 40 chapters in foreign countries .
That 's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay .
But Eugene L. Nowak , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , forecast that the sale will bring in `` $ 200 million or substantially more . ''
Rep. Don Edwards , the California Democrat , warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be `` outside the scope of the commission 's jurisdiction . ''
Other losing issues included Showa Shell , which fell 40 to 1,520 .
Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers .
`` You do n't make any real money . ''
`` The big one is still due , '' Mr. Johnson predicted in an interview .
Genentech faces competition in the cardiac-drug market from SmithKline Beecham PLC 's heart drug Eminase , expected to receive market approval shortly .
The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto .
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government .
`` Apparently the commission did not really believe in this ideal . ''
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality .
No one has alleged that the donations were by themselves illegal .
The Manhattan real-estate developer acted after the UAL buyers failed to obtain financing for their earlier $ 300-a-share bid , which sparked a selling panic among that snowballed into a 190-point drop Friday in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people .
Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities .
Ashland had a loss .
`` I do n't think the Bush administration has done anything , '' he says .
Immunex will have the option to buy back Receptech shares after five years .
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain .
Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc .
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour .
What was my angle ?
`` If you do n't know what you are , bigger wo n't make you better , '' he says .
Some Mobil executives were dismayed that a reference to the cutbacks was included in the earnings report before workers were notified .
`` Then there 'll be another swing .
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over-the-counter market rise from its recent doldrums .
It already has sold its retail , or individual-investor , brokerage network ; securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses for non-retail activities such as investment banking .
If the House prevails in its efforts to kill the catastrophic-care plan , the monthly Part B premium will be $ 29 next year .
Mr. Wathen , who started his career as an Air Force investigator and worked as a security officer for several large companies , built his California Plant Protection from a tiny mom-and-pop security patrol firm here in the San Fernando Valley .
The white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented , because in city-wide elections only black candidates or white candidates who catered to `` black interests '' could win .
In Michigan , where the state Senate is expected to approve parental-consent legislation by the end of next week , Gov. Blanchard is the principal obstacle for anti-abortionists .
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored .
The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates .
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 .
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , US Facilities closed at $ 3.625 , unchanged .
At the moment , Nomura is the only Japanese institution authorized to act as a primary seller of Fannie Mae instruments .
Mr. Stein was fined $ 25,000 and suspended for three years .
Two other men also were charged with participating in the operation .
`` Country people breed pigs , '' says Mr. Chojnowski , leaning against the back of his truck .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , American Brands shares rose $ 1.75 to $ 73 .
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said .
Shanghai Investment & Trust Co. , known as Sitco , is the city 's main financier for trading business .
Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th , the stock market still has a bad case of nerves .
The figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking Nynex Corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said .
Doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 44 % interest in Western Forest , which is currently held by two Canadian banks .
He 's the kind of guy who rescues trampled flags .
The Merc first started working on developing this contract in 1984 .
The bank is a subsidiary of Baltimore-based MNC Financial Inc .
In the quarterly report , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue .
Eight months after Gen. Boris Gromov walked across the bridge into the U.S.S.R. , a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul , the refugees sit in their camps , and the restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever .
For the first eight months of 1989 , analysts say shipments of hot-dipped galvanized steel increased about 8 % from a year earlier , while overall steel shipments were up only 2.4 % .
None of the grants had been requested by HUD , judged competitively or were the subject of a single hearing .
To mollify shareholders concerned about the long-term value of the company under the BellSouth-LIN agreement , BellSouth also agreed to pay as much as $ 10 a share , or $ 540 million , if , after five years , the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer .
Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules .
But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was `` little likelihood '' of a health problem as long as instructions were followed .
Combustion Engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold Illinois Minerals Co. , based in Cairo , Ill .
Meson is the personal holding company of Steven Morfey , a Vancouver securities dealer .
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks .
Worse , Salomon 's timing had been off .
Since 1984 , the president has filled four vacancies in the Federal Circuit court with non-patent lawyers .
Mr. Paul has a plan to bring in $ 150 million by selling off 63 of CenTrust 's 71 branches , but it has yet to be approved by regulators .
Currently , Avon , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , has 3.3 million common shares outstanding .
Just 5 % of the respondents mentioned brands in September , up slightly from 2 % in March .
But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration .
Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis .
Environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public-relations attempt to head off a White House proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner-burning fuels by 1997 .
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express .
Justice should review these cases to see what other prosecutorial abuses may have occurred .
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .
The dividend is payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 15 .
`` It was an extraordinary situation that needed extraordinary steps , '' said Paul Stevens , OCC president and chief operating officer .
As a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the riskiness of clients ' portfolios .
Sir John Egan told reporters at London 's Motorfair yesterday he `` would be disappointed if we could n't do { the deal } within a month . ''
The provision , described as `` back-end '' protection , would require BellSouth to pay a price equivalent to what an outside party might have to pay .
`` The Japanese will come to Mexico , but not immediately , '' says Kazushige Suzuki , director-general of the Japanese External Trade Organization in Mexico .
Although Digital will announce a full family of mainframes next week , it is n't expected to begin shipping in volume until next year .
They are also encouraged by the relatively mild side effects of FK-506 , compared with cyclosporine , which can cause renal failure , morbidity , nausea and other problems .
`` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill . ''
The monetary tax benefit of indexation for all gains in excess of inflation can be measured using the following equation : tax rate , times inflation rate , times basis for the gain .
Ford 's latest move increases the pressure on GM to complete its current talks with Jaguar quickly .
Mr. Lee added that the Filipinos are `` making it very difficult '' for the U.S. military presence to last beyond five or 10 years .
In the immediate postwar years , the Rothschilds concentrated on rebuilding their other European operations , delaying their return to Frankfurt .
He furthermore denies that he relied too heavily on Sotheby 's or Mr. Wachter .
A spokesman for Phoenix , Ariz.-based Valley National , said the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in Arizona real estate .
Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once-sacred workout .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Industry watchers agree that Brooks Brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned-down image , which has stunted its growth .
The only consensus is that more money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely .
The Eurodollar bond market sprang to life late in the European trading session after the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled .
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said .
The naczelnik stands , too .
The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services .
Despite continuing troubles with problem properties and nonperforming loans , the Dallas trust said it has rebuilt reserves , abandoned properties with little potential and experienced improved operating results from joint ventures .
In August , personal income rose 0.4 % and personal consumption increased 0.9 % .
I want them to stand alone .
Sales rose 8.5 % to 195.19 billion yen from 179.916 billion yen .
Ms. Conlin adds : `` At some point we 'd have to ask , ` How do we know that in three years you wo n't be in Chapter 11 ? ' ''
`` The 60-vote requirement will be there and they do n't have the 60 votes , '' Sen. Mitchell said .
Big Board traders said a 200,000-share buy order at $ 150 a share entered by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which was active in UAL stock all day , is what set off the UAL crowd in the late afternoon .
Little wonder that Mrs. Thatcher 's opponents were so anxious to keep Mr. Lawson in office .
Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished .
`` What about those institutions that are supposed to be the bedrock of society , the banks and the bar association ... ? '' wrote a columnist for the Tribune-Democrat , a newspaper in nearby Johnstown , shortly after the scandal became public .
Markets --
Municipals
The Census Bureau reported that 13.1 % of the U.S. population , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 .
It said long-term interest rates , then above 9 % , could drop to 7 % by the end of 1989 , so bonds , which benefit from falling rates , would be a good buy .
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area .
Allegany Health System -- three-part issue of $ 156.7 million of revenue bonds , tentatively priced through a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue .
`` You ca n't ask one carrier to underwrite on social grounds when that might destroy it in the marketplace . ''
The reality of life in modern America is that if you want to wreck something that works , let it fall into the hands of Congress .
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue .
Workers , except for senior management , were asked not to report for work yesterday .
Nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of San Francisco remained without power .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents .
On Oct. 20 , the town 's mayor , Robert Reid , made an announcement on behalf of CBS during half-time at the Middletown High School football game asking for volunteers .
The financial services company emerged from the restructuring of Kaufman & Broad , Inc. , which spun off its home-building subsidiary into Kaufman & Broad Home Corp. earlier this year and changed its name to Broad Inc .
`` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , '' he says .
She notes that she also stresses professionalism during her weekly visits .
`` It 's getting harder to sell , '' he mutters as he leaves the room .
Such authority is more than adequate , say opponents of the legislation .
The Justice Department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal Judge David Sentelle recently called a `` monster . ''
The fund invests heavily in dollar-denominated money-market securities overseas .
Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment .
London Metal Exchange copper inventories fell 550 tons last week to 83,950 tons , a smaller-than-expected decline .
But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently .
A spokesman said its purpose is `` to bolster the impression that NBC Sports is always there for people . ''
The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber .
The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $ 200 million , and to commit $ 200 million from their retirement funds .
By afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength .
The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs .
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share .
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions .
Metals stocks also were especially weak , as concerns about the earnings outlook for cyclical companies weighed on the group .
The pithiest testimony to their domination of the just-concluded tournament came from Giants ' manager Roger Craig after his team had fallen in Game Three to a five-home-run barrage that tied a 61-year-old Series record .
But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings .
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year .
Last Friday , 96 stocks on the Big Board hit new 12-month lows .
For the fourth quarter , Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings .
`` I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century , '' he says .
`` The import pie will shrink , '' says John Kamm , first vice president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong and a China trade specialist .
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS :
What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful .
Only 14,505 wells , including 4,900 dry holes , were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year , down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which jumped 3\/8 point , or about $ 3.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed .
The action at the Communist Party daily , viewed as the Soviet Union 's most authoritative newspaper , was considered the most significant development in a week of Kremlin wrangling over the press , including sharp criticism from Gorbachev .
Better than all those offers you get to buy securities backed by nothing .
The notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is absurd .
B.A.T has declined to identify the potential bidders .
`` So before I start to be really critical of NBC , I would like to know more about what happened . ''
Donald Vinson , who oversees the experiments , is n't some white-coated researcher .
Decisions on increases in the IMF 's capital base traditionally are made by the administration , with subsequent authorization by Congress .
John R. Wilke contribued to this article .
World Bank ( agency ) -- # 100 million of 10 7\/8 % bonds due Aug. 15 , 1994 , offered at 96.95 to yield 11.71 % , via Baring Brothers & Co .
`` I 've never seen so many { New York City } G.O. 's up for sale , '' said another trader .
But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of lower face value and reduced cash interest .
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries .
Opponents do n't buy such arguments .
It said Qintex Entertainment owes Qintex Australia US$ 38.1 million in loans not secured by specific assets .
Over time , the odds increasingly favor the investor with a diversified portfolio .
And Friday the 13th notwithstanding , stocks have been this year 's hot investment .
The government insists that such a possibility is low .
Is somebody telling us something ?
He succeeds Everett Meyers , who resigned in May .
A Chris-Craft station manager said there have been no formal talks .
Property reinsurance rates are likely to climb first , analysts and brokers believe .
University of South Carolina
Mr. Brooks declined to give his age , but he said his leaving is a normal retirement .
`` There are no commercials to make up for since we 're going to eventually broadcast the World Series , '' said a network spokesman .
Those teams of young fund-raisers selling flowers , peanuts or begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s , but those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of Mr. Moon 's lavish international conferences , speaking tours , and assorted land buys .
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 416,000 , down $ 36,000 from the previous sale Oct .
The effort is being led by Contel .
If the exchange falters in these moves , they say , it might once again fall behind its chief New York competitor , the Commodity Exchange .
He adds that the company is trying to keep up with demand `` by overworking '' its employees .
`` We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt .
Government Contractors
Similarly , Honda Motor Co. 's sales are so brisk that workers grumble they have n't had a Saturday off in years , despite the government 's encouragement of more leisure activity .
The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years .
Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third-quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier .
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched .
For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp .
Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political undertones , including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans .
Real Texans do n't play paddleball , at least I hope not .
Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday .
In other words , they treat you like a piece of meat '' .
I 'm talking about landing in a canal .
But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz .
For Nekoosa , defense options may be undercut somewhat by the precarious state of the junk-bond market , which limits how much value the target could reach in a debt-financed recapitalization .
For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier .
They also chart the evolution of a city that has grown tenfold in the author 's lifetime , from a colonial outpost of fez-wearing pashas to a Third World slum choking on its own refuse .
Roger Early , a portfolio manager at Federated Investors Corp. , said that yields on the so-called bailout bonds are n't high enough to attract his attention .
In composite New York Stock Exchange Trading , Georgia-Pacific stock rose $ 1.25 a share yesterday to close at $ 58 .
Given current headlines about the University of Florida , it may not be the last .
Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan .
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe .
I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer .
He says Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing , which includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks .
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system .
Sir Geoffrey Howe , deputy prime minister and a Lawson ally on the EMS , has signaled he will continue pressing for early membership .
The biotechnology concern said the agreement between its longtime West German distributor , Boehringer-Ingleheim 's Dr. Karl Thomae G.m.b.H. subsidiary , and Hoechst 's Behringwerke subsidiary was an attempt to expand the market for blood-clot drugs in general .
Retail sales are plummeting , while consumer prices still are rising .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.49 % 30 days ; 8.44 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.12 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days .
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd .
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 .
AMR has not been , and is not , for sale . ''
But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan 's PC lag .
They long made little effort here .
The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family , brokers in Singapore say .
A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment .
Plus , one Exxon official said , by eliminating the typically long New York commutes between office and home , management will expect employees to work 40 hours a week in Dallas , rather than a 35-hour work week in New York .
David Shaffer was named to the new post of executive vice president of the Maxwell Macmillan group of this communications giant .
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there .
Lotus , Cambridge , Mass. , has been rumored to have the sale of the four-year-old unit under consideration for a year .
When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says .
Some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts .
While this theory is exceedingly simple , it appears to explain several things .
His assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits , thus restoring the market 's faith in them .
But funds generally are better prepared this time around .
With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies .
Winners outnumbered losers 645-293 , with 186 issues unchanged .
Then he casts out .
He often groans , he says , at the `` clutter '' of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament `` about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game . ''
But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses .
Last year , more than $ 100 billion was donated to the nation 's 400,000 charities .
Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 .
`` ` Get off your ... , ' he would bellow , '' say the authors .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position .
Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares outstanding .
Asia Development and Schroders declined to comment on the move .
Cipher Data Products Inc. posted a net loss of $ 14.2 million , or 97 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 3.8 million , or 27 cents a share , a year ago .
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) .
The Food and Drug Administration that day said Bausch & Lomb could start selling them in the U.S. .
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather .
Mr. Goldston , who had been president of Faberge Inc. 's Faberge U.S.A. division before joining Reebok in September 1988 , left in August to pursue other interests .
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks .
`` Because of distance , it takes a while for them to appreciate the economic stability we 've achieved , '' says one economic policymaker .
Not quite , Sen. Leahy contends .
Mr. Mulford , responding to critics of intervention , also said intervention is `` highly visible , '' is taken seriously by financial markets and works better than `` was recognized some time ago . ''
Mr. Hall says Mr. Paul `` was known to spend a lot of money .
`` Thus we judge it to be not a violation of the ABM treaty at this time . ''
In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share .
Under the plan , DeSoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business .
American Cyanamid is a Wayne , N.J. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern .
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers .
A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides .
Out on the streets , some residents of badly damaged buildings were allowed a 15-minute scavenger hunt through their possessions .
Healthcare operates many of the health-care properties that HealthVest owns .
Non-lawyers will be added to the inquiry panels that look into allegations of misconduct .
Encouraged by Mr. Wilder 's sly grins , embarrassed grimaces and sputtering rages , the audience gets the joke and begins to laugh before the end of the first act .
Yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three-year contract from Drexel Burnham Lambert .
This well may be the first time that the venerable Rockefeller University has brushed up publicly against the intimidations now common in American science .
`` This is a rare case of a company with a big majority holder which will probably act in the interests of the minority holders , '' one investor says .
`` A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , '' she proclaims .
Mr. Peters is a high-school dropout who came to fame as Barbra Streisand 's hairdresser .
Young consumers prefer luxury cars by a 37 % to 28 % margin -- even though older buyers , because of their incomes , are more likely to actually purchase a luxury car .
Union Pacific Corp . third-quarter net income fell 17 % .
Dealers and auction houses `` know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . ''
These `` active suspension systems '' electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car 's ride .
In addition , GM 's Truck & Bus Group said slow sales are forcing it to close its Detroit assembly plant the week beginning Monday .
In the 45 minutes before the 9:30 opening bell , the Jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they imagined .
Linda and Michael ( Ms. Close and Mr. Woods ) , who seem to be pushing 40 , live in a large and tastefully decorated home in suburban Seattle .
But at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control .
Officials said 91 companies from 14 countries , including the U.S. , had displays , down from about 260 firms from more than 20 countries at the last show in
Hudson 's Bay said that Woodbridge Co. , which currently holds about 77 % of the ordinary shares , will subscribe for all the shares to which it is entitled and for any shares that are n't otherwise taken up .
Last week , for instance , Compaq introduced its first notebook computer to rave reviews .
AT&T said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada and France 's Alcatel N.V. , which also have announced Sonet-based products .
Several other banks have similar applications pending .
That , says Warner 's Mr. Rabinowitz , is `` a total 100 % lie . ''
Sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday at Mobil offices in New Orleans and Denver .
On the prospect for rebuilding northern California , investors bid up cement-makers Calmat Co. , up $ 2.75 to $ 28.75 , and Lone Star Industries Inc. , up $ 1.75 to $ 29.25 .
He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to , such as Lever Brothers , American Express and Seagram .
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history .
Those hopes were dashed when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance .
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
Two segments posted lower earnings for the quarter .
They will be joined by Larry Gainen , who resigned from the firm of LePatner , Gainen & Block .
But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb .
The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people .
The move could pose a new challenge to Time Warner 's Home Box Office .
HLR :
In major market activity : Treasury bond prices fell .
That 's because pollination , while easy in corn because the carrier is wind , is more complex and involves insects as carriers in crops such as cotton .
Digital 's VAX 9000 mainframes , which it claimed were among the fastest available , were priced from $ 1.2 million to $ 3.9 million , sharply lower than IBM models of comparable power .
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life .
The federal funds rate on overnight loans between banks has been hovering around 8 3\/4 % , down from 9 % previously .
`` Today , '' said Mr. Sisulu , `` the ANC has captured the center stage of political life in South Africa . ''
In recent weeks , airlines have cut numerous fares in leisure markets to try to win back customers .
Mercury also said it extended its two-year advisory relationship with Montgomery Securities of San Francisco .
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .
Separately , UniFirst reported that net income rose 21 % to $ 3 million , or 29 cents a share adjusted for the split , for the fourth quarter ended Aug. 26 .
President Bush has been hearing this kind of opposition first hand during meetings over the past two days with Democratic senators at the White House .
This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by Ms. Peterson and six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes .
Vice President
It also indicates a $ 50 million drop in ad sales for regular-season games -- a risk CBS took to get an unprecedented lock on all playoff games .
That level of production did n't take its toll on futures prices for the fourth quarter , when demand is traditionally strong .
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment ; of course the Israelis feel put upon .
RADIO :
That total was below the $ 140 million the auction house estimated the collection might sell for , but was enough to ensure that an unprecedented financial arrangement Sotheby 's had made with the Dorrance family proved profitable to the auction house .
British government bonds ended little changed as investors awaited an economic policy address last night by Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson .
That list includes last season 's champs , the Los Angeles Dodgers , who rode a miracle home run by Kirk Gibson and two faultless pitching performances by Orel Hershiser to a five-game triumph over a bewitched , bothered Oakland crew .
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market .
And telephone or videotape depositions just do n't match physical encounters .
Ford said the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles .
Last week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help , such as equipment , for business owners .
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories .
But TVS stunned industry analysts last month by disclosing that it expected MTM to post an operating loss for this year .
Robert Kornreich , an attorney for the Telerate holders , told Judge Hartnett the Dow Jones offer is `` arrogant '' and `` hostile . ''
`` The kinds of questions you had before have resurfaced , '' says Raymond A. `` Chip '' Mason , chairman of regional brokerage firm Legg Mason Inc. , Baltimore .
It was Nasdaq 's biggest percentage gainer .
`` As a result , household debt appears to be stabilizing at around 63 % of GNP . ''
Last year , Dentsu 's foreign business accounted for less than 10 % of total billings , but the company is aiming at 20 % in the near future .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
But the plan only threatens to heighten the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases that were filed in September 1988 .
Healthy thrifts such as Columbia or the junk-bond market itself should have been so lucky .
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change .
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million .
Since such loans are often refinanced through the sale of high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , the recent woes of the junk-bond market have renewed concerns among regulators about the risks associated with Wall Street firms issuing bridge loans .
Industry executives said Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit , but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi .
In the absence of humans , would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term ?
Urban is the company 's first telephone subsidiary in Wisconsin .
The cost of buying the additional 48 % stake would be 10.95 billion francs ( $ 1.74 billion ) .
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in eight classes by Salomon Brothers Inc .
And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the
If the case is converted to Chapter 7 , what remains of the oil tycoon 's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $ 125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service , whose claim for $ 300 million in back taxes has priority in the case .
Another reason : Emboldened by their success in helping to scuttle the previous transaction , the machinists are likely to be more aggressive if a second buy-out attempt occurs .
In response , Treasury prices soared 1 1\/8 points , or about $ 11.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Mr. Gonzalez expressed concern over a report that the two had been summoned to Washington by Mr. Wall last week to discuss their testimony in advance .
And rumors of forced selling by takeover-stock traders triggered a 25-point downdraft in the Dow Jones Industrial Average around 11:15 a.m. EDT yesterday .
The certificates have an estimated average life of 1.8 years , assuming monthly prepayments at 1.3 % of the original balance .
Half-year production was up 3.4 % compared with the same period a year earlier .
The suites are air-conditioned , have wet bars and plush seating , and offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size and location .
An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch `` fantastic . ''
Service Corp. International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter .
Not everyone is convinced the state must raise new revenue to meet its earthquake needs .
Bush met with South Korean President Roh , who indicated that Seoul plans to further ease trade rules to ensure that its economy becomes as open as the other industrialized nations by the mid-1990s .
If the IRS asks for and gets a replacement for a check that it concedes it lost in processing , it will reimburse the taxpayer for the stop-payment charge on the original .
America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases .
`` Human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says Jack Guzewich , chief of food protection for the New York state Health Department .
Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean .
UAL , the hair-trigger stock that exploded Friday 's market bombshell , briefly traumatized traders again yesterday .
While the market expects little reaction from news of U.S. durable goods orders , scheduled for release today , participants note that the figures will probably serve to reinforce this bearish sentiment .
The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere .
Assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the previous week .
However , the French merchant has about 200,000 tons of old crop Ivory Coast cocoa stored in the Netherlands from an agreement it had negotiated with the Ivory Coast last spring .
But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me .
The dollar was virtually unchanged .
`` I see we have about half the audience working for us , '' he said , tongue in cheek .
But transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last .
Replacing the cathode-ray tube with a large , thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or HDTV , which is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Loral closed at $ 33.25 , down 37.5 cents .
Trading activity in the junk market was extremely light as dealers could n't find enough buyers to match sellers .
AMERICAN BRANDS Inc. , Old Greenwich , Conn. , said it increased its quarterly 11 % to 68 cents a share from 61 cents , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 .
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony .
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat .
But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday , and absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal .
Many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the adversary system as long as no one tampers with the evidence .
The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : `` We 're talking policy limits . ''
PepsiCo closed at $ 58.50 a share , up $ 1.375 .
The solution , at least for some investors , may be a hedging technique that 's well known to players in the stock-options market .
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes .
It has been a well-paid transaction , this bartering away of the prestige of the republic 's highest office .
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons .
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but Robert Lawrence Trotter , 35 , of Kennett Square , Pa. , took his fooling seriously .
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer .
In late New York trading , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8578 marks and 142.43 yen late Friday .
Under the reorganization , Ogilvy plans to name one executive on each account as a `` client service director '' to work as the client 's single contact for all those services .
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
For all of 1988 , union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases in the first year and 2.4 % over the life of the contracts .
An 11-week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
The price was n't disclosed , but an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. , the MCA unit , said the closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million .
The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do .
Officials expect the Golden Gate Bridge to be swamped with an extra load of commuters , including East Bay residents making a long detour .
Edisto currently is the general partner of NRM .
Mr. Masson then brought a libel suit against Ms. Malcolm , the New Yorker and Knopf .
Meritor Savings again had the dubious honor of being the OTC stock with the biggest short interest position on Nasdaq .
Friday 's correction presents `` a pretty good buying opportunity , but let 's not speculate at this point in the business cycle , '' says Carmine Grigoli , chief equity portfolio strategist at First Boston Corp .
But after about eight months , the vice president of the division , Ed Soule , learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt .
Mr. Milgrim succeeds David Berman , who resigned last month .
Already `` it 's hard to get people .
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at a fixed 107 3\/4 to yield 3.5 % .
`` When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , '' said Paul Allen , the spokesman .
Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between environmentalists and Rep. Henry Waxman ( D. , Calif . ) .
There are $ 46,245,000 of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced at 97 7\/8 to yield 7.20 % , and $ 64.9 million of 7.1 % term bonds due 2016 , priced at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.25 % .
Mr. Hilger said Hoechst will invest 50 million marks ( $ 27.2 million ) in a plant to make a substitute product it has developed that it says is unchlorinated .
In addition , Hewlett-Packard acquired a two-year option to buy an extra 10 % , of which half may be sold directly to Hewlett-Packard by Octel .
`` The judge never made a pretense of repaying the money , '' said Mr. Green .
But the mega-issues are raising megaquestions about the rapidly evolving Indian capital market .
For fiscal 1990 , analysts expect P&G 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 15 % and 20 % .
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago .
Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government .
While some analysts say the dollar eventually could test support at 1.75 marks and 135 yen , Mr. Scalfaro and others do n't see the currency decisively sliding under support at 1.80 marks and 140 yen soon .
It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants . ''
The program , which runs through Jan. 4 , also offers low-rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate .
Nestle S.A. is based in Vevey , Switzerland .
How soon Wang will stage a comeback , or if it will at all , are still matters of debate .
Signs of revival seem evident in Hong Kong 's hard-hit hotel sector .
Elaborating on the concern about doctors ' sacrificing earnings in order to spend `` talk time '' with patients , we are finding the quality of the time spent is the key to true rapport .
In 1985 , China had a record deficit of $ 11.4 billion .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year .
The state of New Hampshire has favored that plan .
`` We do n't want Brussels deciding conditions for workers unless they are necessary and useful , '' said Zygmunt Tyszkiewicz , secretary general of the employers ' confederation Unice .
I fell asleep on the lobby floor , next to a man wearing a Chicago Cubs jacket .
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS :
Fueling a controversy that has been simmering for years , the Census Bureau also said its figures would look far rosier if it recalculated the poverty threshold using an improved consumer-price measure adopted in 1983 .
Instead , the group is raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction .
The companies block traffic much as highway on-ramps are blocked when traffic backs up .
She made money , but spent more .
In addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession .
With many rural districts yet to report ballots , election officials estimate support for Christian Democrats fell an average five percentage points statewide .
The damage was to her motor nerves , which could n't be monitored along with the sensory nerves , he explains .
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ?
CONSERVATIVES EXPECT Bush to solidify their majority on a key court .
FADA , which holds problem assets of thrifts that were closed before the bailout legislation was enacted , is being liquidated .
Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits and to wear glamorous dresses and spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too .
-- Bruce Kafaroff .
Mr. Thal says that Elizabeth Taylor , a client , `` hates being called ` Liz . ' ...
He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said .
The company reported a big third-quarter loss on Thursday .
`` Unless there is an enormous rate of economic growth or a further drop in the dollar , it 's unlikely that consumption of U.S. produced steel will grow sufficiently to offset the growth of minimills . ''
Rockwell said the agreement calls for it to supply 200 additional so-called shipsets for the planes .
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share .
Rep. Gonzalez seems primed to lash out at Mr. Wall when hearings resume Thursday with testimony by two federal regulators from San Francisco , William Black and Mike Patriarca .
Concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also haunt store operators .
Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea .
Today , Lloyd 's share of the world market , excluding life insurance , is about 2 % .
Other costs also would increase , including maintenance , because Eastern has an older fleet .
The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers object .
CNW Corp. said the final step in the acquisition of the company has been completed with the merger of CNW with a subsidiary of Chicago & North Western Holdings Corp .
However , operating profit fell 35 % to $ 16.4 million .
Now Movieline is located in the same building as Vesoft .
`` We are crossing the river and we need a little more help to get to the other side , '' said Rodrigo Sotela , an economic affairs specialist at the Costa Rican Embassy in Washington .
Expect `` tricky '' stuff from pitchers , says Mr. Weaver , the manager .
And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union , where they are hostage for the behavior of their families .
Part of the bridge collapsed in the quake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale .
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
`` The owners of the company got a look at the potential risks in this business , and after Monday they felt they did n't want to be exposed any more , '' he said .
The computers will display stock prices selected by users .
The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million .
A shadow jury is a way to do that in a more systematic and organized way . ''
Nor did it ease restrictions on exports to Poland and Hungary , according to U.S. officials who attended the talks .
Hess declined to comment .
Mr. Putka covers education from The Wall Street Journal 's Boston bureau .
The bridge loans are intended to provide temporary financing for acquisitions .
The cost of executing stock orders varies from brokerage to brokerage and with the size of the order , but 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income mutual fund .
`` The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , '' said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market .
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 .
`` It is just one of a number of strategies JAL has embarked upon to come to terms with the situation in Europe after 1992 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the EC , he said .
Beefeater alone is worth as much as # 300 million , analysts said .
He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant .
And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers .
But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas .
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents .
`` We 've got to move quickly . ''
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year .
Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't .
After all , until the 1950s even the Red Delicious was a firm , delectable morsel .
For instance , wages of private-sector hospital workers leaped 6.6 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.4 % for workers in all industries .
Figgie is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern .
It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods and services , but it does suggest that it is our exports of services , and not just borrowing , that is financing our imports of goods .
Mr. Phelan has been viewed by many exchange members as being indifferent to stock-price swings caused by program trades .
Mr. Lang feels that Time 's priorities changed .
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
Ladislav Adamec , ending a two-day visit to Austria , pledged changes in Czechoslovakia , including freer travel to the West .
Deutsche Bank , Dresdner Bank and Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in France before 1992 .
John S. Reidy , an analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said , `` The Times faces the same problem of other publishers : linage is down .
Ski promotions have traditionally avoided the touchy issue of safety .
Personnel Pool ( temporary workers , mostly in the health-care area ) chips in close to 25 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings .
For greater efficiency , employees at those locations will be reorganized into teams responsible for managing the properties under their jurisdiction , Mobil said .
In response to questions after the annual meeting , Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor .
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units .
Meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate .
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed .
Average yields on CDs aimed at individual investors fell less than half as much as yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction .
Meanwhile , finding a volunteer to write the computer program is n't a problem .
The NBC network canceled its first new series of the fall TV season , killing Mel Brooks 's wacky hotel comedy `` The Nutt House . ''
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was quoted at $ 370.85 an ounce .
Unknown before 1960 were the inconclusive effects of acid rain , greenhouse warming and ozone depletion , all of which required burgeoning political power and gargantuan expense .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio , and the two even tried to interest Warner Bros . ' President Terry Semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal .
Philip Morris , the most active Big Board issue for the second consecutive session , was unchanged at 43 1\/4 on 3.9 million shares .
The new chip `` is a very big step in computing , and it is important that Olivetti be one of the first out on the market with this product , '' said Patricia Meagher Davis , an analyst at James Capel & Co. in London .
The first signs were economic .
For the first nine months of the year , Hasbro 's net income rose 33 % to $ 68.2 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 51.3 million , or 88 cents a share , on a 3.1 % increase in revenue to $ 992.7 million from $ 963 million a year earlier .
Paris market sources said they believed Allianz was buying yesterday morning , and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs ( $ 17.19 ) to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading .
To get a piece of the business , Nike Inc. , Beaverton , Ore. , introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes .
For small companies , he says , interest rates are far more important than what happens on stock exchanges .
Observers said it appeared that British Air was angered at the way the bid has degenerated into confusion , as well as by the banks ' effort to round up financing for what one called `` a deal that is n't a deal . ''
The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , 1988 , and again on April 4 , 1988 .
The state can also bar Drexel as an investment adviser .
The consensus of this group , which he dubs `` realists , '' is that the local economy will grow through the 1990s at annual rates averaging between 3 % and 5 % .
Mr. Miles 's newly purchased shares are now worth $ 1,068,000 , based on Philip Morris 's closing price of $ 44.50 , up 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday .
To reinforce employees ' dedication , Mr. Smith pays well .
Indeed , the Soviet miners strike this summer clearly demonstrated that Mr. Gorbachev must proceed with economic reform .
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .
But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad-based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet .
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts .
Amerada Hess and Occidental Petroleum had gains .
Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan-loss reserves .
The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations -- Mr. Gorbachev is a consummate political leader , perhaps one of the greatest -- but in its economic prescription .
`` Homeroom , '' a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth-grade classroom , is flunking the ratings test .
Mr. Salvagni , 53 years old , succeeds John C. Griffin , 57 , who is retiring as corporate vice president of pharmaceutical manufacturing .
Cotton Inc. 's new $ 9 million campaign calls cotton the `` Fabric of Our Lives . ''
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % .
Just last month , a Bank of New York subsidiary agreed to buy the credit-card operation of Dreyfus Corp. 's Dreyfus Consumer Bank for $ 168 million , a transaction that is expected to be completed by the end of the year .
Morton Downey Jr. , who self-destructed as a talk-show host and frequently verbally abused his guests , has been signed to co-host a half-hour nightly program on the Consumer News and Business Channel , the cable channel partly owned by the General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co .
Scott Paper Co. , shelf offering of up to $ 360 million of debt securities , via Goldman Sachs , Salomon Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney , Harris Upham .
In the year-ago period , net included $ 32.7 million from discontinued operations .
And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : `` How the hell can you live with yourself ? '' he erupts at a politician .
About a month ago , Michelin Tire Corp. , Greenville , S.C. , began selling mountain-bike tires , for years a Specialized stronghold .
He adds : `` I think this is a great strategic move for Quebecor .
The broadcasters were , after all , documenting the game , ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick .
Without such reforms , credit programs will continue to be a large-scale , high-risk proposition for taxpayers .
ESB directors warmly accepted , but a whirlwind bidding match ensued .
In one of many rosy scenarios , Bear Stearns 's Gary Schneider wrote in March that its real estate alone had a value of $ 4.5 billion .
The campaign , created by Omnicom Group 's DDB Needham agency , takes advantage of the eye-catching photography that National Geographic is known for .
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock .
At the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through super-majority voting rights .
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said .
His campaign was caught flat-footed amid allegations it paid almost $ 10,000 for what it said was a `` get-out-the-vote '' effort by black activist Sonny Carson , a convicted kidnapper who later said publicly that he is `` anti-white . ''
Separately , a third conference report covering an $ 18.4 billion Treasury and Postal Service bill was sent to the Senate after passing the House on a 383-30 roll call yesterday .
Japan ranks as only the fourth largest foreign investor in Mexico , with 5 % of the total investments .
The revenue will be regained in the current period , he added .
Hewlett-Packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast .
Now it offers richer commissions to lure a broker a week .
H.F. Ahmanson , parent of Home Savings of America , reported third-quarter net of $ 49.2 million , or 50 cents a share , down from $ 56.1 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . ''
`` It 's made me more committed to CBS , '' says Philip A. Jones , the president of Meredith Corp. 's broadcast group , which has two CBS affiliates .
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said .
Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy .
The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses .
In addition to the forecast , the company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead .
SOFT CONTACT LENSES WON federal blessing on March 18 , 1971 , and quickly became eye openers for their makers .
Yesterday , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Golden Nugget common closed at $ 28.25 , up $ 2 .
Seita is a partner in the project , which was developed by Matra SA using Japanese technology .
Murata said , however , it will invest about 1.4 billion yen ( $ 9.9 million ) in the new company .
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable .
The dinner was a stark confirmation that 1989 is the worst year ever for the $ 200 billion junk market .
Traders said a steady stream of bonds was put up for sale yesterday , pushing yields for longer maturities up 0.05 percentage point .
I do n't see anybody who 's sophisticated getting his name associated with this mess until the moving parts stop moving . ''
Takeover stock speculation and futures-related program trading drove the industrial average through wide ranges .
Dealers contemptuous of the purchase price , he says , were themselves interested in buying the Rubens but lost out .
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year-earlier level .
`` But he wanted to pursue his own dream , and he went . ''
Rather than scaring off white voters , as many predicted he would , Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head .
The Big Board yesterday began trading in its own basket trading vehicle representing the S&P 500 stocks .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.50 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.45 % six months .
But most are linked by a single theme : liquidity -- the ability to get in and out of the market quickly .
Bids totaling $ 515 million were submitted .
Three other Haagen shopping centers in the Watts area are doing almost as well .
The golden share was scheduled to expire at the beginning of
The play concerns Teddy 's homecoming with his wife of six years , Ruth .
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said .
`` The arrogance of a judge , his demeanor , the way he handles people are not a basis for filing a complaint , '' says Mr. Bognato .
So he asked the IRS if the plan would work .
His daughter turns to dressmaking , then to peddling herself for a few piasters .
The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million , or 61 cents a share , a year earlier .
Mips will start shipping its new machine in the first quarter of 1990 , he said .
Richard Arrington , Birmingham 's black mayor , lamented the consequences .
Mission Resource Partners advanced 8 % , or 1 3\/8 , to 18 7\/8 .
Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics .
`` If you 're for paying the claims ... I do n't know how anyone can oppose this . ''
The statement by Islamic Jihad , which holds at least two U.S. hostages , was accompanied by a photograph of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson , longest held of 18 Western hostages .
The unsecured creditors agreed in principle to support New Haven , Conn.-based United Illuminating 's new bid .
142.43 yen , up 0.73 ; 1.8578 marks , up 0.0108 .
Ruined the damn fishing !
And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place .
The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company .
This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block .
They want a 24-hour library .
That would leave USX essentially an oil company with Marathon as its core .
-- Pat D'Amico .
On many issues -- flag-burning , for instance -- his keen political sensitivities overcome such conflicts .
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
The team was composed of representatives from engineering , manufacturing , corporate estimating , flight test , material , quality control , and other departments .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , PPG closed at $ 41 a share , down 37.5 cents .
At the very least , a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is , Treasurys .
Foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then , choking liquidity and hobbling many projects .
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares .
Despite the inevitable comparison with Compaq , however , Texas Instruments ' new notebook wo n't be a direct competitor .
`` I consider this a second career , '' he said .
Elsewhere , Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery was quoted at 98 18\/32 bid , up 5\/32 from late Monday , to yield about 9.333 % to a 12-year average life assumption .
However , skeptics caution that this kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper , but does n't always happen .
The stock , which finished Monday at 29 1\/2 , traded as high as 29 3\/4 and as low as 28 3\/4 before closing at 29 1\/4 , down 1\/4 .
Holders at the meeting elected a full slate of Canadian Express nominees to Enfield 's 11-member board .
Fund managers , for their part , defend their use of leverage .
`` The biographer\/critic , '' Judge Leval wrote , `` should not be required simply to express ... conclusions without defending them by example .
Initial steps were taken at Poland 's first international environmental conference , which I attended last month .
Though CBS might move up to No. 2 in household ratings , most advertisers buy based on ratings for women aged 18 to 49 .
Finally , during his first and only state visit to Bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought .
Honecker 's departure came after weeks of street protests and an exodus to the West of East Germans who had become disenchanted with his rule .
There was very slow play on the market today , They were selling and buying by halves ; Instead of trading like Bears and Bulls , They behaved like cubs and calves .
`` Dave thought the country needed a strong U.S. Steel and , while Chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , ` Not at any cost to shareholders , ' '' a former executive says .
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds .
`` Guys were minting money in there today , '' said John Legittino , a futures broker for Elders Futures Inc. in Chicago .
`` Under the best circumstances such tests are subjective ; when a patient is unconscious , they do n't work at all .
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions .
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .
The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did .
The settlement , which involves most of the 300 independent newspaper dealers in the New York area , will allow the Times to freely operate its own direct home delivery system .
Mr. Carlucci , 59 years old , served as defense secretary in the Reagan administration .
There 's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness . ''
A volatile , unofficial `` gray '' market in the shares has been operating in Paris for about two weeks .
Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident , sabotage or suicide .
The animal-rights movement has n't helped sales .
Brokerage houses are sweet on H&R Block , too .
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : Despite the market 's volatility , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days .
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle .
CONSOLIDATED FREIGHTWAYS INC. , Menlo Park , trucking company , $ 2.69 billion in annual sales , NYSE , had structural damage to CF Motor Freight subsidiary 's office in Palo Alto , no damage in Menlo Park .
The Clean Air bill ( quack ) .
But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one .
The survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 .
The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % .
Investors `` are buying stocks that have predictable earnings , '' said Edward J. Laux , head of block trading at Kidder Peabody .
Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia .
National Environmental , formerly Yankee Cos. , is a sludge treatment company .
The collateral consists of collateralized whole loans with a weighted average coupon rate of 11.08 % and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28 years .
Before the 1987 crash , an estimated $ 60 billion in institutional money was managed under this hedging technique .
Sales rose 11 % to $ 7.73 billion from $ 6.94 billion .
The do-it-yourself show , slated to start airing by June 1990 , marks Sears 's entry into the burgeoning market of home repair television programs and could bolster sales of its home improvement products .
But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest .
The rogues ' gallery of planners involved includes some convicted felons , a compulsive gambler or two , various businessmen who had planned their own previous ventures right into bankruptcy , and one man who scammed his wife 's grandmother .
`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April .
If human beings ca n't cut federal spending honestly -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it .
Eurocom will also have the right to buy the remaining 40 % of the merged ad agency group in six years .
Because of an error by the National Association of Securities Dealers , the listing appeared incorrectly in the main table and several highlight tables in yesterday 's edition .
Among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any Treasury Department expenditure for enforcement of a 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans .
M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum .
But network access revenue dropped 4 % and toll revenue dropped 1.4 % .
`` If you invested $ 10,000 in the initial public offering in 1962 , it would be worth well over $ 5 million today , '' says Fredric E. Russell , a Tulsa , Okla. , money manager .
Funds for drilling may inch up more next year if oil prices stay stable .
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . ''
It automatically selects stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas .
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .
I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine , smiled that guilty smile and we both mouthed the words , `` Earth-quake ! '' together .
His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead .
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months , with declining use being the result .
A toxic-waste-dump fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer .
One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment , reflecting service companies ' hunger for work .
The Guber-Peters side has said Warner is particularly concerned about the prospect of a huge Japanese company controlling important segments of the U.S. entertainment business .
The laws take effect next month .
Sir Richard Butler , 60-year-old chairman of Agricola ( U.K . ) Ltd. , was named chairman of County NatWest Investment Management Ltd. , the investment management subsidiary of County NatWest Ltd. , the investment banking arm of this British bank .
Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services .
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted .
The FTC ruled that the companies violated federal antitrust law by fixing rates in the following states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Wisconsin , Arizona and Montana .
Harken Energy Corp. of Dallas said it will drop its $ 11.75-a-share , or $ 190 million , offer for Tesoro Petroleum Corp. if the two companies do n't have an agreement to merge by Dec. 15 .
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .
For example , a House-Senate conference ostensibly increased the National Aeronautics and Space Administration budget for construction of facilities to nearly $ 592 million , or more than $ 200 million above what either chamber had previously approved .
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright .
Gerald E. Wilson , corporate secretary and legal counsel , said the company would n't disclose further details .
Compare the Bush request to what the Senators gave themselves :
Vincent Tolentino , a correspondent for the French magazine Telerama , says of the recently ended Tokyo festival : `` No one makes deals ... and most of the films have been seen before at other festivals . ''
And it retains an interest in acquiring candies and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops .
The tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake .
A $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by House-Senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
After the payment , the Cleveland company owes $ 57 million on the loan .
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening .
The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators .
When the judge bought his new Sunbird from James E. Black Pontiac-Cadillac in Ebensburg five years ago , the dealership had `` certain apprehensions '' about the judge 's reputation , according to the grand-jury report .
Borrowers ' incentives are equally skewed .
When the Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July , the justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds .
A new drug to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs has been successfully used on more than 100 patients at the University of Pittsburgh , according to researchers .
As we queasily start The search for replacements , we know The new one we purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder that 's stated , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated !
Yesterday , when similar securities rebounded , it bumped the valuation up again .
`` Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , '' says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real-estate agency .
The transaction is expected to close by Nov. 30 .
The Senate , 84-6 , voted to increase to $ 124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA , which lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults last year .
Mr. Williams said the exercise price is $ 125 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 250 of Rubbermaid stock for half price , diluting the investor 's 25 % stake .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days .
He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a `` substantial cushion '' between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds .
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment .
National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them .
This cushion could come in handy if GM has to trim fourth-quarter North American production schedules more than the already scheduled 9.5 % .
He told the Congress of People 's Deputies on May 30 : `` We do not share this approach , since it would immediately destroy the social situation and disrupt all the processes in the country . ''
The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales .
The reported figures for the public sector borrowing requirement include receipts from the sale of state-owned industries .
The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass .
Interest will be paid semi-annually .
The move will help the bank to keep up with international solvency ratios being phased in by the Bank for International Settlements and will also represent the first time that its voting shares have been held by a party other than the government .
The software conversion costs would dwarf any savings . ''
That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 , and it 's accelerating : So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day .
Even if a grower beats them back , his $ 2,000 rented bees might buzz off to the neighbors ' orchards instead of pollinating his , Mr. Broderick says .
Still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the computer-integrated-manufacturing market -- a market that Yankee Group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 40 billion by 1993 .
Neither man achieved perfection .
`` If you say sell anytime a company 's price\/earnings ratio exceeds 15 , that knocks out all your growth stocks , '' he says .
But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia .
What this all means in shorthand is that Soviet dominance in Ethiopia is collapsing as fast as President Barre 's regime in Somalia is .
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger .
The issues are also thought to be important to the FCC 's new chairman , Alfred Sikes , a former AM broadcaster in his native Missouri .
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , CBS Inc. and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit are expected to announce soon a joint campaign to raise awareness about hunger .
Economists in Moscow are now proposing that the state start a system of unemployment benefits .
Those companies , in turn , paid Mr. Peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges .
`` I was never a rebel , '' he said in an earlier interview .
Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility `` increases the possibility of economic recession and reinforces the bad news '' from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports .
Indeed , the DLJ banker says , in the reborn capital structure cash coverage of interest `` will meaningfully improve . ''
But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back .
They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals .
Smaller projects swell the figure to at least $ 2.5 billion .
An analyst cited weaker capital spending and exports .
Net income rose to $ 699 million , or 65 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 587 million , or 55 cents a share .
Georgia-Pacific , which has suspended its stock-repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp .
Instead , they are spending to reinforce the identity that they believe attracts their customers .
Would Mr. Laband also suggest that the Red Cross , Salvation Army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist Hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the `` free market '' ?
You have to beat everyone around the world , '' says Mr. Dennis .
But salespeople often found that news of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts .
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform .
But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband .
The price of attracting capital -- whether one 's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit .
The idea is to have money rolling over each year at prevailing interest rates .
An earthquake Oct. 17 in Northern California had caused a 10-day delay midway through the championship contest , which ended Saturday at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park .
Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in economic aid and food grants for Poland 's new government , but has been chided by Democrats for failing to do more .
Also , most of the ramps connecting the city to its main link to the south , the 101 freeway , have been closed for repairs .
If China were still on good terms with foreign lenders , it might be able to stem the drain on its foreign-exchange reserves by using some loan funds to offset the current-account deficit .
She held her fire with her first production at the Trinity earlier this season .
It 's an `` absolute necessity '' to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing , says Avner Arbel , professor of finance at Cornell University .
Mr. Baker will relinquish his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet .
For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results .
When the Trinity Repertory Theater named Anne Bogart its artistic director last spring , the nation 's theatrical cognoscenti arched a collective eyebrow .
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take .
He plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him ; he would omit those fees from income reported on his return .
`` Things have grown worse since June 4 , '' Mr. Lai says .
Pulp and paper performance depends on cost and price variables , the company said .
`` Our technician is a little bearish now that we 've taken out $ 20 , '' he said .
`` It 's an experience they do n't want to repeat . ''
The thrift hired an investment banker earlier this month to advise it regarding a possible sale or merger .
Net fell 1 % to 3.23 billion yen from 3.26 billion yen .
But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing .
At a private dinner Thursday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. chief executive Frederick Joseph delivered a sobering message about the junk bond market to officials of Prudential Insurance Co. of America .
At 500 yen ( $ 3.60 ) for a handful of balls , pachinko is a common pastime , and has been since it took root as cheap entertainment in the years after World War II .
Thus , no standards , no judgment and no values .
A buy-and-hold approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 377.80 an ounce , down 70 cents .
The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns .
Just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for Warner Bros. for which they had just produced the smash hit `` Batman . ''
`` Kellogg 's main problem is life style .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , which plunged more than 80 points in early trading Tuesday and then recovered nearly all of its losses by the close , fell 5.94 to 2653.28 in the latest session .
These accounts hold several hundred million dollars , primarily from asset sales .
`` Ken was my key contact , '' said J. Nicholas Hahn , president and chief executive officer of Cotton Inc. , which represents cotton producers .
In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine , a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people .
Comair Holdings Inc. said in Cincinnati that it bought Airline Aviation Academy , a pilot training school based at Sanford Regional Airport near Orlando , Fla .
They 're more worried about bread on the table .
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . ''
Back at the Verwoerd house , Hendrik Sr. peers down over the shoulder of Hendrik Jr .
Sutro 's Oakland office executed orders through the Sacramento office , which was n't affected by the quake .
Because of the tax consequences of zero-coupon investments -- income tax is payable in the year interest is accrued , although interest is n't actually paid until maturity -- zero-coupon CDs are usually sold for tax-advantaged accounts to finance things like retirement and children 's education .
Tokuyama Soda Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of Eurobonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd .
At Movieline , she wants `` specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek . ''
The jokes are n't just on the Japanese , though .
`` I guess I thought , ` This is the World Series and I 'm not gon na wimp out ! ' ''
The House Ethics Committee officially cited Rep. Jim Bates ( D. , Calif . ) for sexually harassing two female employees , but did n't recommend formal disciplinary action .
Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $ 2.6 million to $ 2.8 million ; an hour-long drama costs only $ 900,000 , and it is aired twice .
-- Junior football player .
Hotel Investors Trust and its affiliate , Hotel Investors Corp. , said the companies plan to sell all of the hotels the companies own and operate , except for two hotel-casinos in Las Vegas , Nev .
Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe and that potential buyers from as far away as Japan and Italy have examined the collection .
The strike at five De Beers mines began last Thursday , with 9,500 out of a total 10,000 NUM members employed on De Beers mines participating , according to the union , while De Beers said there were 7,800 participants .
Afrikaner philosophers and theologians have long ruminated on the need for a white homeland .
Last week , the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up : Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters , the adviser , announced his resignation within an hour .
In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought .
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million .
The company said results were bolstered by upgrades to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of manufacturing-cost controls .
Mr. Kelly built the company 's high-yield bond group , which has been a minor player in the junk-bond arena .
In the last hour of the trading day , December contract took a tumble to end the session 10 cents lower at $ 19.62 a barrel .
Revenue was $ 41.2 million , up from $ 27.5 million .
IBM 's traditional mainframe rivals , including Unisys Corp. , Control Data Corp. and NCR Corp. , have struggled recently .
In the nine months , IBM earned $ 3.17 billion , or $ 5.43 a share , down 8.4 % from the year-earlier $ 3.46 billion , or $ 5.83 a share .
`` We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York .
For the nine months , the electronics and defense concern had net of $ 255.8 million , or $ 2.70 a share , down 5.6 % from $ 271 million , or $ 3.01 a share , in the year-ago period .
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader .
Both regions are the fastest-growing areas for Basf , the company said .
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece .
-- George O. Ludcke .
Mr. Jones , whose twangy voice and folksy ways belie an intense businessman who works 16-hour days , is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days .
Separately , Colgate Wednesday finalized an agreement with MacroChem Corp. , a tiny dental products and pharmaceutical concern based in Billerica , Mass. , to market in the U.S. four of MacroChem 's FDA-approved dental products .
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading .
Aer Rianta now manages duty-free sales on all Aeroflot international flights out of Moscow .
Walter Litvinchuk , vice president of Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd. , a Calgary-based gas marketing concern , said the industry will welcome the move .
Equities tumbled at the opening as Tuesday 's gyrations on Wall Street , where the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered most of an 80-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said .
One variation that appealed to me at first was the `` Money Smart Term Life '' policy offered by Amex Life Insurance Co. , the American Express unit , to the parent company 's credit-card holders .
`` Mr. Hunt 's attempt to squeeze the silver market 10 years ago is still indirectly to blame for today 's market depression , '' says Lesley Edgar , managing director of Sharps Pixley Ltd. , London bullion brokers .
Part of the increase would provide $ 90 million toward ensuring construction of a costly solid rocket-motor facility in Mr. Whitten 's Mississippi .
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him .
Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog , translated into Russian , to Soviet customers who have access to convertible currency .
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish .
Served up as a solo , however , the music lacks the resonance provided by a context within another medium .
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
New York Stock Exchange volume was 164,830,000 .
Doing business with the Russians , once the pursuit of a handful of hardened veterans , has become the goal of such major companies as General Motors Corp. , Federal Express Corp. and Procter & Gamble Co. , as well as a cluster of smaller firms .
A `` concerning '' item the analyst cited was the 10 % jump in expenses , which the bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business .
In a brief filed with the Supreme Court last week , Mr. Pretl criticizes the appeal for raising `` abstract '' and `` theoretical '' legal issues , while jeopardizing the proposed reorganization and the settlement payments to claimants .
When they did , his commanders did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads .
Besides reciting the pardon for program trading contained in the Brady Commission report , they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed Monday to restore the markets ' equilibrium .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
`` Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , '' said Mr. Zipper .
They believe the media , including `` Batibot , '' have played a crucial role .
So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns .
But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid .
Terms were n't disclosed .
But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse .
Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment .
I am convinced that UFOs exist because I have seen one ... . ''
In the aftermath of the Beijing massacre on June 4 , economists advanced wildly divergent views on how Hong Kong would be affected .
The same partnership is now crucial to Mr. Courter 's fortunes , but the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record and that of the more moderate , pro-choice Gov. Kean .
Compounding the trouble to Japanese investors , mortgage securities pay interest monthly , since most mortgages require homeowners to make monthly payments .
Revenue in the period slid almost 8 % to $ 203.2 million from about $ 220 million last year .
CMS Energy Corp. said it would begin paying a 10-cent-a-share quarterly dividend , the company 's first since 1984 .
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations .
But though couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck .
The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market , and they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. .
Mobil is preparing to slash its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , sources said .
`` There is just a tremendous amount of uncertainty about what the effect , if any , of all this is , '' said John P. Uphoff , an analyst at Raymond James Associates Inc .
So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year .
Here are two cases to illustrate .
She and her husband started a small printing business and need the car for work as well as for weekend jaunts .
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended .
But not just any bonds will do .
The bank says it 's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco , Portugal and Puerto Rico .
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .
Police in Yugoslavia dispersed about 1,000 ethnic Albanians who were protesting the trial of the former Communist Party chief of the southern province of Kosovo .
Consider a `` laddered '' bond portfolio , with issues maturing in , say , 1992 , 1993 and 1994 , advises Malcolm A. Makin , a Westerly , R.I. , financial planner .
Scott Greene , chief foreign exchange dealer with Julius Baer & Co. in New York , fits the description of a `` great dollar bear . ''
`` At this stage it was felt I was perhaps more pertinent as chief executive . ''
Sales of parts for cars and construction vehicles rose .
Futures `` do n't need defending , '' says Andrew Yemma , a spokesman for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , which trades the S&P 500 , by far the largest stock-index futures contract .
At the last minute , however , Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar , perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists , with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year .
Now , a new law in Texas seems to be providing the proof .
He predicted the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters .
But Mrs. Boehm did n't mention any of them .
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year .
It has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar .
Instead , he said that the purpose is simply for the two to get `` better acquainted '' and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
A spot honoring Bill White , the inventor of chewing gum , shows a woman trying to extricate her high-heeled shoe from a wad of gum .
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company and 549,365 shares by holders , via Blunt , Ellis & Loewi Inc. and Robert W. Baird & Co .
Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called `` Tet , the Motion Picture , '' to distinguish it from `` Tet , the Offensive , '' as well as `` Tet , the Book '' and `` Tet , the Album . ''
While she works inside , a tenant returns with several friends to collect furniture and clothing .
Stanley Rose , a vice president , technological and strategic planning at Bankers Trust , says that despite Digital 's low prices , `` we are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine .
When his wife , Betsy , came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966 , Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment : `` You look prettier than Bobby Thomson 's home run . ''
Most brokers assume that all orders are day orders unless specified otherwise .
The board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account .
Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System .
The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars .
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares .
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom .
Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide .
Mr. Castaneda 's office will reportedly issue warrants during the next six months for the arrest of another 10,000 federal employees .
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday .
While USAir is n't considered absolutely takeover-proof , its defenses , including the sale in August of a 12 % stake in the company to Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , are pretty strong .
The appeals court also said , `` We think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims '' stemming from any cleanup .
The dollar has a `` natural base of support '' around 140 yen because the Japanese currency has n't been purchased heavily in recent weeks , says Ms. Soares-Kemp of Credit Suisse .
Chairman Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said that a drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings in the automotive unit .
He and Mr. Roderick were even dining out together .
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 .
The seventh child of a store owner in Aichi prefecture , Mr. Morishita started out in the textile business .
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed .
When the market opened at 9:30 a.m. EST , a reporter for the Reuters newswire miscalculated the industrial average 's drop as a 4 % decline when it really was down 0.7 % .
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue .
Sales rose 7.4 % to $ 580 million from $ 540 million .
Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million from $ 41 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units .
Second , the responsibilities of the Federal Reserve as guardian of the currency , which means as guardian of the stability of the price level , sometimes lead it to take measures that are unpopular .
Results for the earlier quarter included a $ 100,000 restructuring charge .
Denton Harris
Sources : Lipper Analytical Services Inc. ; Standard & Poor 's Corp .
The offering will be dated Oct. 31 and mature Oct. 31 ,
Sales rose to $ 52.4 million from $ 50.1 million .
Yet it is also axiomatic that the power to create new crimes belongs only to the legislature , and not to courts .
`` Taste has finally come to the fore , '' he says .
Senshukai said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties .
Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates .
Among declining issues , a weak earnings outlook drove Groundwater Technology down 6 1\/4 to 24 .
Terms of the bank holding companies ' agreement were n't disclosed .
Our international efforts were far greater than ever before .
Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 .
Arguably , both were on notice that their behavior was at least risky .
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .
Star States plunged 3 1\/4 to 8 3\/4 on 207,000 shares .
Potential buyers , mostly foreign companies , are reluctant to take a non-controlling stake in a company that , by the government 's own reckoning , needs some $ 100 million in new capital for rehabilitation .
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 .
Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents .
The accord , which covers $ 52.7 billion of Mexico 's medium - and long-term debt , is expected to go into effect in early
The market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said .
One research institute calculated that as much as 67 % of corporate-owned land is held by 403 companies -- and that as little as 1.5 % of that is used for business .
Mr. Kakita said the key dollar-yen exchange rate is at 135 yen .
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment .
Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation : `` None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff . ''
For one thing , the Chicago futures exchanges have political and financial clout -- including many friends in Congress .
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn ( D. , Ga . ) and other Senate conferees have opposed the House cuts , stalling for almost two months action on a number of big-ticket items in the Pentagon 's budget .
But he could n't sell any .
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read .
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .
DREXEL BURNHAM LAMBERT Inc. agreed to pay a $ 50,000 fine to Delaware , the 26th state to settle with Drexel in the wake of the firm 's guilty plea to federal insider-trading charges .
It refinanced the judge 's loan , lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that had n't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold .
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share .
`` We listened to the Chausson ` Poeme , ' '' he recalls , `` and she said , ` You hear the first note , that B-flat ?
As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies .
Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come .
But a crucial point is how Ford reacts when GM , the world 's largest auto maker , firms up its proposed deal with Jaguar .
But the administration has dropped any effort to win military aid for the rebels .
Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Ozzie and Harriet and instead quotes the Grateful Dead .
The oil company claims that it had permission from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency prior to the spill to use dispersant during such an incident at the discretion of the U.S. Coast Guard .
When it owns stocks , Renaissance 's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues ; to make buy or sell moves , the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance , looking for the best package price to carry out the trades .
However , these discount purchase rights may generally be redeemed at a nominal cost by the corporation 's directors if they approve of a bidder .
Bell Atlantic Corp. said it agreed definitively to acquire one of Control Data Corp. 's computer-maintenance businesses .
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges .
The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises and scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing or even montgolfing ( ballooning to you ; the brothers Montgolfier , French of course , were the world 's first hot-air balloonists ) .
Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems .
There were no complaints from affiliates of CBS Inc. and Cable News Network , a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc .
Japan agreed to enforce a decision by an international wildlife conference to ban all trade in ivory , a spokesman for the Ministry of International Trade and Industry said .
Within 10 minutes after an 11:13 a.m. trading halt in UAL , parent of United Airlines , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged nearly 27 points to a 60.25-point deficit .
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share .
ONE DAY Carl Barrett of Mobile , Ala. , was raking some sycamore leaves , but the rake kept riding up over the piles .
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now .
At Bear Stearns Cos. , for example , the 15 executive officers led by Chairman Alan `` Ace '' Greenberg got a pay increase to $ 35.9 million for the 14-month period ended June 30 from $ 22.9 million for the 12 months ended April 30 , 1988 .
This summer , the jamboree attracted more visitors than the busiest week of the town 's winter ski season .
Officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off .
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero .
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits , as well .
`` I do n't want to be like { financier Alan } Bond and the other Australians .
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 .
The rates were up from last week 's auction , when they were 7.37 % and 7.42 % , respectively .
`` Talk hurts from where it spurts , '' one of them says .
Ad industry executives were n't surprised by Mr. Roman 's decision to leave Ogilvy .
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 3 :
`` This is a dynamic process and we 're experiencing the first step , '' the Bonn official adds .
`` This late in an expansion , '' the economy tends to veer off either into damaging inflation or into a recession , Mr. Confair says .
Since June , Rochester Telephone signed letters of intent to purchase three other Wisconsin firms .
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill .
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way .
Additionally , Crossland reported a third-quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago .
`` Read my lips , '' said Mr. Smith .
Mr. Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and property magnate Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions .
As expected , First Interstate Bancorp reported a net loss of $ 15.5 million for its third quarter because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit .
Both can be expected to go after the market aggressively : Gartner Group Inc. , a research firm , estimated the Digital gets 30 % of its revenue from the manufacturing market , and Hewlett-Packard gets 50 % .
Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's new order has n't arrived without resistance .
In Tokyo , the Nikkei index added 99.14 to 35585.52 .
The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip .
Recently , he and others reported that the retinoblastoma suppressor gene may also be involved in some lung cancers , as well as several other more common cancers , too .
`` When the country gets wealthier , we tend to buy high-quality imports , '' Mr. Owen said .
`` Companies that have the most exposure to the business cycle have underperformed since late last summer . ''
In late New York trading , sterling stood at $ 1.5765 , down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday .
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 .
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ?
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful .
The panel rejected a proposal pushed by AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines , to allow the Transportation secretary to block corporate raiders from waging proxy fights to oust boards that oppose a leveraged buy-out .
With a pilot who speaks no English .
Companies and financial institutions familiar with Hong Kong remain wary of trading in its futures market .
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge .
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year .
Mr. Wain is editor of The Asian Wall Street Journal .
A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer , Mr. Lynch is a veteran union organizer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. Edward Kennedy and Mr. Jackson .
Times have changed .
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station .
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them .
Drexel 's efforts to settle its legal troubles are being resisted by at least 10 states .
Mr. Garcia , who represents New York 's 18th congressional district , which includes the Bronx , said he has n't decided whether he will resign .
Now `` everybody is a lot more optimistic . ''
The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world , but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic .
The main sensation , besides feeling like a puppet jerked with invisible strings , is `` like a rap on the head , '' says Sam Bridgers , a neurologist who has studied the brain stimulators at Yale University .
In addition , the fall selling season has generally been a good one , especially for those retailers dependent on apparel sales for the majority of their revenues .
WHY BE A MIDDLEMAN for charitable gifts ? a retiree asks .
Digital 's failure to deliver a true mainframe-class machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 1 billion in revenue in fiscal 1989 , Mr. Willman says .
The company reported third-quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier .
Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid .
Seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article advocates what it calls a `` radical-moderate approach . ''
`` The fit is so good , we see this as a time of opportunity , '' he said .
`` Caution should ... be the rule of the day , '' said Mr. Leigh-Pemberton in a speech to the Association of Corporate Treasurers ' annual dinner .
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the leading Republican proponent of the tax cut , did n't disagree .
Elena Scambio , the woman assigned to run the Jersey City school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . ''
Typical is Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , Italy 's state-owned energy company , which not long ago acquired through its AGIP oil subsidiary a 5 % share in the consortium accounting for half of Nigeria 's oil output .
Its stock , which was as high as $ 18.75 a share , has been trading under $ 4 a share recently .
MITI officials hope to avoid yet-another source of trade friction with the U.S. even though export restraints currently limit Japanese car exports to the U.S. .
That hurts investors ' confidence in the economy and stocks .
The oil company claims that Alaskan officials prevented Exxon from spraying dispersant onto the almost 11 million gallons of oil dumped when one of its tankers ran into an underwater reef .
Worse , her walls move all the time -- at least in this production .
Rhone-Poulenc S.A. , Paris , said it completed the purchase of the specialty chemicals operation of RTZ Corp. , a British mining and industrial group .
Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year .
The Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers .
The Rafale project is the result of France 's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries , and French officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs .
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352-mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss .
Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit in federal court in Maine challenging the poison pill and the Maine merger law .
As the head of the House conferees , Rep. Aspin has been under intense pressure from his colleagues to reject Senate provisions that would have abruptly cut further F-14 production .
By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions .
Earnings before interest and tax from brewing dived 50 % to A$ 123.8 million from A$ 247.3 million .
`` I pull my hair back , wear a little makeup and look corporate , '' says Ms. Byler , who has been visiting Emerson since January .
Bud Konheim , president of Nicole Miller Inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains .
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present .
`` But call her ` Patty , ' and it 's a sure giveaway you 're not in her circle , because she does n't use that name , '' says Joan Kron , editor-in-chief of Avenue magazine , a monthly publication sent to all the right names .
Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and Nissho Iwai has the rest .
It does n't give any particular group the ability to veto change . ''
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture .
But David Runkel , chief Justice Department spokesman , said the guidelines `` are a codification and a clarification far more than a new direction . ''
Salomon Brothers Inc. has delayed Grand Union Co. 's $ 1.16 billion junk-bond offering while it restructures the transaction .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Northrop shares closed at $ 21.125 , off 25 cents .
`` Teddy Z '' was boosted by favorable reviews and a network-wide promotional tie-in contest with K mart Corp .
Meanwhile , the pimp Pompey ( Glen Allen Pruett ) , dressed in black leather and a prominent codpiece , indulges in enough obscene gestures and pelvic thrusts to launch a space probe .
`` We hear it has low priority on the House side , '' says Samuel Starr of Coopers & Lybrand , CPAs .
Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies .
Mr. Carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants .
The Miami-based company 's stock fell $ 1.75 yesterday to $ 20.75 a share in heavy American Stock Exchange composite trading .
As part of the upscale push , Kidder is putting brokers through a 20-week training course , turning them into `` investment counselors '' with knowledge of corporate finance .
The state is calling in a flotilla of navy landing vessels and other boats to expand ferry service across the bay and hopes to add numerous new bus routes and train departures to help alleviate the traffic problem .
At the most there is only nine months before the LDP fuse burns out .
The TW prospectus says that if the acquisition had been completed earlier , pretax earnings `` would have been insufficient to cover its fixed charges , including interest on debt securities , '' by approximately $ 62.7 million in the first six months of 1989 .
But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson .
The volatility wo n't end soon .
Asked for comment , Walker Merryman , a vice president of the Tobacco Institute , said new efforts to restrict tobacco advertising in the U.S. could violate the First Amendment protection of free speech .
In the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired .
Serial bonds are priced to yield to 7.10 % in 1999 .
Kraft recently agreed to spend an additional $ 3 million on similar programs through 1990 .
The measure provides no money for the promised payments until then , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of approximately $ 1.25 billion is paid .
We pulled that forecast , '' he begins matter-of-factly in a meeting with Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood Inc. officials in Minneapolis , the first stop .
Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % to $ 423.9 million from $ 394.4 million a year earlier .
Designer Sandra Garratt filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Code protection , saying that her cash flow had been cut off .
David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia .
Hogs rose $ 3.40 to $ 46.80 a hundredweight in October , while beef cattle slipped 80 cents to $ 67.40 for each hundred pounds and calves dropped 90 cents to $ 90.20 .
You already know the answer .
I was in my favorite watering hole , waiting for the game to start .
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks .
It emerged after a rancorous display of old-style intelligence politics that followed this month 's failed coup attempt in Panama .
The final maturity is in five years .
You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years .
As we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit .
Fees 1 .
Theoretically , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively .
Advancers on the Big Board outpaced decliners by 822 to 668 .
In races for the White House , a voter 's incentive , at the margin , is to lean Republican .
My kids ' college education looms as perhaps the greatest future opportunity for spending , although I 'll probably have to cash in their toy portfolio to take advantage of it .
In August , the company warned investors that the acquisition was being delayed , and many customers were holding off on purchase decisions until the takeover was completed .
Revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million , but operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses .
Another of Mr. Roberts 's criticisms is that Bank lending has done more harm than good `` by implanting the wrong incentives and deflecting energy away from economic development . ''
Does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted ?
SNET common rose $ 1.25 to $ 85.50 a share yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board .
The decision , which affects millions of dollars of trading positions , was made late yesterday because the Pacific exchange 's options floor was shut down as a result of Tuesday 's earthquake .
Mr. Morishita 's main business certainly appears to be thriving , although he wo n't disclose numbers .
In the 1988 quarter , the bank earned $ 1.1 million .
ITT also forecast a fourth-quarter blow to earnings from the California earthquake .
And federal officials are promising to move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely damaged road system .
The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P .
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz .
There is no slow-motion close-up , blood-and-guts portrayal of the animal 's demise .
It 's also unnecessary .
However , Judge Hastings has said he will continue to fight and is contemplating an appeal of any impeachment to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Its plan is set up as an independent agency .
SHORT INTEREST in International Mobile Machines Corp. fell to 3,102,935 shares in the month ended Oct. 13 from 3,420,936 in September .
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa .
Unless parents and educators alike start to develop more discipline in children , all the worthy concern , discussions and actions will not solve the problem .
Not everyone believes that the good times are over for shippers .
Still , Berbera was the best we could get , so we stay in bed with President Barrah .
In this second LBO , KKR with one hand took more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the TV company 's assets and moved it into the Storer cable operations , making them more valuable in a 1988 sale .
-- In most states , increasing expenditures on education , in our current circumstances , will probably make things worse , not better .
Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge .
The public has a tendency to equate lawful demonstrations with non-violent civil disobedience .
Recently , a contractor saved her from falling three stories as she investigated what remained of an old Victorian house torched by an arsonist .
South Korean government officials said they do n't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw , but it can `` offer experience . ''
The volatility inherent in program trading troubled other traders , too .
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . ''
Analysts had mixed responses to the results .
What 's more , he said , `` transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing '' and more stringent scrutiny by state courts .
Individual Inc. 's technology goes beyond word searches by using a computerized thesaurus .
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash .
Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as part of Working Woman\/McCall 's Group , a less-than-successful joint venture between Mr. Lang and Time Warner Inc .
`` Look , '' he says , `` If the rest of South Africa wants to have an integrated melting pot , that 's their choice .
Over the past week , the president has agreed to keep the committee informed , usually in advance , of covert actions and to put key intelligence decisions in writing .
`` I think it 's fairly clear { Mr. Keating } knew , '' that regulators were set to seize Lincoln , Mr. Seidman said .
Direct donations from either of the residents ' organizations would be illegal because the groups are defined as foreign , but both groups deny making direct donations .
The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said .
Operating revenue surged 54 % in the latest period to $ 42.9 million from $ 27.7 million .
He asserts that some directors , who have joined forces with company founder James Patterson , have ties to Wendy 's , a competing hamburger chain .
The board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be about C$ 5.9 million .
`` Shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said Mr. LaLonde .
Randy Delchamps retains his position as president .
However , he said he planned to spend the weekend making calls to gather additional support .
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal , toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they 're defending .
If this version , with its references to Steven Spielberg , Spago and `` thirtysomething '' attracts younger audiences who might stay away from the classical version , then Messrs. Bartlett and Falls are justified in abandoning Mr. Wilbur .
Without a microscope and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself .
Futures prices recovered in quiet trading .
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Although management led a leveraged buy-out of R.H. Macy in July 1986 , the company still makes financial filings because of its publicly traded debt .
Spending by average Japanese households in August fell an adjusted 1.9 % from a year earlier , the Statistics Bureau of the Prime Minister 's Office said .
In December 1988 , Messrs. Peltz and May sold their stock in Triangle Industries Inc. , a packaging company they controlled , to Pechiney Corp. of France .
Excluded from the sale are the interests of the trust and the corporation in two Las Vegas hotel-casinos .
South Korean exports to the U.S. during the period fell 1.6 % from a year ago to $ 15.06 billion , while imports from the U.S. soared 26 % to $ 11.56 billion .
And `` Summerfolk , '' penned in 1904 as a kind of sequel to Chekhov 's `` Cherry Orchard , '' is a lawn party of Russian yuppies engaged in an exhausting ideological fight to the finish between the allrightniks and the reformers .
`` But advertisers would n't think of it , '' she said .
The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time .
So it 's entirely possible that `` Look Who 's Talking '' is n't as entertaining as it seems in comparison to the turgid other films opening now .
The House has voted to repeal most of the Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988 , however , which would end the monthly catastrophic-care premium , as well as an unpopular income surtax paid by about 40 % of the wealthier Medicare beneficiaries .
Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of Apple Computer , Intel and many other computer-related concerns .
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit .
No schedule for formal talks was set , but meetings are expected to begin soon .
Ohbayashi is Japan 's second largest construction company .
The canceled Shanghai loan leaves Asia Development , a small concern , saddled with a half-completed 32-story apartment building and heavy debts .
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at an indicated 107 7\/8 to yield 3.84 % .
Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed .
We ca n't lose sight of that .
However , since Eastern first filed for Chapter 11 protection March 9 , it has consistently promised to pay creditors 100 cents on the dollar .
4:30 a.m .
But the next important piece of news on the economy 's health -- this morning 's release of the national purchasing manager 's survey for October -- could prompt investors into action .
Sales : $ 8.98 billion
Marshall Y. Taylor
As part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , a receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms .
`` There 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added .
This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or `` PRA . ''
The key word in that paragraph , though , is `` may . ''
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 369.10 an ounce , down $ 1.10 .
Barry Bryant , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said Tandy also has suffered from lethargic sales of its computers aimed at the home and small-office market , which are less-advanced and cheaper than computers aimed at the corporate market .
WCRS says its debt will be cut to # 24 million from # 66 million as a result of the transaction .
The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .
Sales rose 8.4 % to $ 27.95 billion from $ 25.78 billion .
Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 .
More important than money in many cases are waivers California is seeking on current restrictions covering federal highway funds , such as a $ 100 million cap on how much any single state can receive in emergency funds in a year .
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market .
These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image ; in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette .
The `` Jiotto Caspita '' can run at over 188 miles an hour , a company spokesman said .
But technical factors , including modest gains in the value of the pound , helped draw buying back into the market and reverse losses posted a day earlier .
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says .
-- A young woman who has been out of town shows up at the Marina Middle School to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list .
The Nasdaq Bank Index rose 0.17 to 432.78 .
Mr. Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk .
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris , PepsiCo , CPC International , Reebok International , and Limited Inc .
Falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form .
Nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 1.8 % -- `` the first decline in 10 years , '' a bureau spokesman told China Daily .
Where non-violent civil disobedience is the centerpiece , rather than a lawful demonstration that may only attract crime , it is difficult to justify .
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch .
Systemwide sales , which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores , totaled $ 4.59 billion compared with $ 4.2 billion .
Miss DeLay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
Mr. Blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , run-ins with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers .
The brokers ' hope has been that they could soon coax investors into shifting some of their hoard into the stock market .
IBM , which Gartner Group said generates 22 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment .
Periodically , there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges .
It arrived just as the regulator handling such operations was retiring .
U.S. District Judge David Edelstein also permanently enjoined Mr. Lombardo from any future dealings with the Teamsters or any other labor union .
`` One reason they use Newport Beach is that it sounds swankier than most addresses , '' says David Katz , a U.S. attorney who , until recently , headed a multi-agency Southern California fraud task force .
From a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time .
Its stock , at 9 5\/8 , trades at about 8 1\/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers .
`` We 've had a good relationship with GE , which is the first time you could say that -- uh , let me withdraw that .
As one of his defenders so aptly put it , President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election ( and some would say thereafter as well ) .
But those represent long-term strategies that probably wo n't succeed quickly , even if they turn out to be the right ones .
Revenue was $ 778.6 million .
The Bush administration has at its disposal $ 273 million in funds remaining from the $ 1.1 billion Congress released for the cleanup after Hurricane Hugo .
When the announcement came out , `` I picked up the phone and said , ` Why do n't you come to us ? ' '' Mr. Spielvogel said .
British brewers currently own thousands of pubs , which in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks .
In the new-issue market for junk securities , underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc. are expected to price today a $ 350 million junk bond offering by Beatrice Co. .
That is n't the $ 40 that delighted producers a decade ago or the $ 10 that pleased users a year ago .
Last year when Northwest first offered the promotion , only six centenarians flew free .
At the time merchants were asking for premiums of about five cents a pound .
The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a `` potential treaty stopper , '' and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it .
He succeeded Pat Brown , who was fired by the Alley board 18 months ago .
Fiscal first-half sales slipped 3.9 % to $ 528.4 million from $ 549.9 million .
`` It 's a wait-and-see attitude , '' said Dave Vellante , vice president of storage research for International Data Corp .
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies .
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now .
When Poland moves to reform , it can at least lean on its past : However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski 's interwar republic , it was a nonsocialist democracy .
`` On the negative side , the market will be affected by constant supply in all sectors of the market , '' said William M. Brachfeld , economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc .
Of course , portfolio trading -- the increasingly common practice of buying or selling baskets of actual stocks -- also treats stocks as homogenous commodities .
And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them .
The Navy awarded Litton Industries Inc. 's Ingalls Shipbuilding division $ 15.5 million for shipyard services on the Aegis cruiser program .
Time Warner Inc. recently formed a `` synergy department '' to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine Time 's magazines with Warner products such as videocassettes .
Conservative appearances make people think it 's a conservative investment .
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader .
Many brokerage house officials also are optimistic .
The year-ago quarter 's results include an after-tax charge of $ 5.9 million from the sale of a winery in Spain .
`` The more turnover , the better for our clients . ''
Once again , the indomitable peasant holds Poland 's future in his hands .
`` If you create a wonderment , if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it , then they 'll come , '' he says .
His duties will be taken over by Anthony Richmond-Watson , who has been elected deputy chairman .
Royal Alliance , to which the 3,900 representatives ' licenses will be transferred , is a shell company Integrated owns .
The Senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year and a total of $ 409 million over five years .
It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process .
They were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , which owns about 45 % of Delmed .
In fact , without Wall Street firms trading for their own accounts , the stock-index arbitrage trading opportunities for the big funds may be all the more abundant .
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary .
CHICAGO -
In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this `` arbitrary and amateurish . ''
And there 's more .
Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets .
But whatever its effects on exports and imports , Japan 's investment boom during the past two years has been stimulated at least partly by soaring domestic demand .
For instance , one trader said that prices inevitably will go lower now that they 've fallen below $ 20 a barrel .
At one point , an options industry official had to talk the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 's night watchman into giving him the home phone number of Silas Keene , Chicago Fed president .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
An official at Nestle Korea , a 50-50 joint venture between Nestle S.A. and the Doosan Group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of soluble , roasted and ground coffee , coffee mix and nondairy coffee creamer .
Sales for the latest quarter were flat , at $ 1.72 billion .
VIACOM Inc. 's loss narrowed to $ 21.7 million in the third quarter from $ 56.9 million a year ago .
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented .
Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer .
Though it 's clearly Max 's wife who held sway here until her death , now none of the other male residents of this misbegotten household can challenge Max .
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
`` Bally was not an unfriendly takeover , '' he insists .
Much of the money has been switched into money market funds , fund executives say .
Italy 's Supreme Court this year ordered Parliament to write a law that will regulate media ownership .
That meeting sent shivers through the Western alliance because Mr. Reagan was pulled into discussing the possible elimination of nuclear weapons without consulting American allies .
In Brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday .
Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $ 800 rebates on those cars .
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal .
New Technology
The trend is making proponents less optimistic a tax cut will pass .
The remaining four trustees on the Claimants Trust have 60 days to nominate a successor to Mr. Saltzburg .
`` I think everyone 's a little more leery , '' says Jack Baker , head of equity trading at Shearon Lehman Hutton Inc .
More stop-loss orders were touched off all the way down to below $ 1.14 , where modest buying was attracted .
The collapse Friday prompted speculation that Ford would intensify its pursuit of Jaguar , which is negotiating a defensive alliance with GM .
The inquiry soon focused on the judge .
Czeslaw Pyszkiewicz owns 30 acres in 14 scattered scraps .
Administration officials insist that the size of the staff was n't a problem during the Panama crisis .
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume-filled coal mine .
This is the 22nd year in which the Washington media company has increased dividends .
Mr. Salvatori should know .
The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected .
Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery finished at 98 1\/2 , up 4\/32 , and its 10 % issue at 102 3\/8 , up 4\/32 .
Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he does n't think it will -- `` I 'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC , '' he says .
Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it `` makes sense -- it 's more convenient '' and justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health and sanitation concerns .
We suspect that Justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of RICO can guarantee an end to injustices in its name .
$ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , was priced at par to yield 12 7\/8 % .
Spiegel Inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 65 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 11 % increase in revenue .
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said its pharmaceuticals subsidiary agreed to supply collagen corneal shields for animal eye surgery to a unit of International Minerals & Chemical Corp .
Mr. Fischer plows his own fields , sows his own corn and sunflowers , and feeds his own sheep .
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 .
But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality .
`` There 's quite a bit of value left in the { Jaguar } shares here even though they have run up '' lately , says Doug Johnson , a fund manager for Seattle-based Safeco Asset Management .
Since the most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. in 1986 , there have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions within the European paper industry , he said .
`` The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging . ''
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non-pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging .
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market .
EC inflation was seen at 4.8 % in 1989 , higher than 1988 's 3.6 % price rise .
Moreover , Mr. Shattuck and others said residential real estate , which had remained fairly strong through most of the downturn , is beginning to comprise more and more of the foreclosures .
Rep. Bates said he accepted the finding , but one of the victims , Dorena Bertussi , denounced the ethics panel 's action as `` absurd . ''
Hurricane Hugo accounted for about $ 36 million in pretax third-quarter losses , net of reinsurance recoveries .
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ?
The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level against the U.S. dollar since late August , prompting the Bank of Canada to sell the Canadian currency on the market .
Certainly not the lawyers .
Last March , nine months after the judge 's swearing-in , the state attorney general 's office indicted him on a sweeping array of charges alleging more than 10 years of `` official oppression '' in Cambria County , a depressed steel and mining community in western Pennsylvania .
Short interest in International Business Machines Corp. plunged to 1,425,035 shares from 2,387,226 shares a month earlier .
Another suggestion would draw banks more directly into tracking down money launderers by developing a `` suspicious international wire transfer profile , '' which banks would use to spotlight questionable payments .
Revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer from Texas financier Robert Bass and Acadia Partners .
Where '60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success , it now seems that so many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks , that middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia or outright longing .
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end .
Experiments showed that the new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity , according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health .
Nicholas Hall , the president of the Colnaghi U.S.A. Ltd. gallery in New York , sold Mr. Paul `` Abraham and Sarah in the Wilderness '' by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo .
Since the spill last March , Exxon and the state have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill , when the weather was clear and calm , would have helped limit the environmental damage .
The study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 18 months for complex disputes .
Norman Young , a `` mud-logger '' at the Sniper well , has worked all but about nine days of this year .
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks .
Ex-Im Bank officials said this review process currently is under way .
But most investment advisers do n't recommend using married puts all the time .
The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker ran a loss of $ 37 million on assembling and marketing cars in the U.S. , a deterioration of $ 378 million in that line from the 1988 quarter .
The latest earnings reflect an increase of about 5.5 million in common shares outstanding .
A.H. Belo Corp. said its net income was $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year .
Made of sand , it receives around-the-clock maintainence against the battering waves .
Traders said investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city 's finances and are nervous ahead of the Nov. 7 election .
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged .
The prosecutor quoted statements from the Marcoses in which they said they were in this country at the invitation of President Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. .
Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it .
The carrier stopped short of saying it would n't at some point reconsider participating in any new bid for UAL .
Merck & Co .
And Beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies , leaving many domestic buyers and export-oriented plants strapped for cash .
Carter Glass , a former treasury secretary who was then back in Congress , probably influenced the decision .
The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters .
And security authority Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees who cheat .
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago .
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general-practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .
FOR THOSE WHO DELIGHT in the misfortune of others , read on .
And now he 's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co. , headed by his old friend and patron , Percy Sutton , to his son , David Dinkins Jr. , for $ 58,000 .
A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys .
In the process HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption .
The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets .
We had intercepted during the year an estimated $ 5 billion street value of cocaine .
The B\/T gene rearrangement test is more accurate than existing tests for diagnosing the type of cancer , whether it has spread or whether there is a recurrence following treatment , said Oncor President Stephen Turner .
Dr. Grossman , who also is president of New England Medical Center Hospitals in Boston , noted that the hospitals he runs deal with more than 100 utilization management firms and that many of them have different procedures and requirements .
Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million in the first six months of 1989 .
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs .
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies .
His mail regularly recalls `` my one event , '' and has been growing in recent years .
`` But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future . ''
Of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are riskier in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals .
Analysts noted that the disappointing results do n't reflect lower prices for steel products .
South Africa 's National Union of Mineworkers agreed to suspend the strike by diamond workers and resume negotiations with De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. over their wage dispute , De Beers said .
`` How can it make available funds for purchases ? ''
Ad agencies typically earned a straight 15 % commission ; if a client spent $ 100 million on TV time , the agency made $ 15 million .
Proceeds from the offering are about $ 160.4 million .
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors .
He says he spent $ 300 million on his art business this year .
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies .
In Tokyo , a JAL spokesman said he could n't confirm or deny the latest Japanese report .
Democratic counterpart Mitchell , asked to interpret Darman 's threat to make permanent the across-the-board Gramm-Rudman cuts that took effect this week , says , `` I do n't even bother to interpret them . ''
Less noticed is a bit of legislative legerdemain by Houston Republicans on behalf of HEI Corp. of Texas to retroactively `` move '' a Missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher Medicare reimbursements .
At July 31 , Air & Water had nearly 10 million shares outstanding .
It also lowered some air fares .
`` It was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says Dr. Knudson , now at Fox Chase Cancer Research Center in Philadelphia .
But the firm has never had a day like yesterday .
One-Cancels-The-Other Order : This is really two orders in one , generally for the same security or commodity , instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order .
`` I 'm happy and sad , '' he said .
The Maxwell deal is Quebecor 's second big printing acquisition in just over a year .
`` I 'm not going to jump on them the first day they come out . ''
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest-free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor .
Mr. Pertschuk adds that the new commercial dovetails perfectly with major aspects of Philip Morris 's political strategy .
And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches .
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact .
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized .
William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , MCA rose $ 1.50 to $ 64 .
Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation about more purchases of U.S. crops by the Soviet Union .
Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp .
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April .
I do n't like the sound of that .
Mark Johnson , the producer of `` Rainman , '' chimes in : `` He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... .
Venezuela will hold a debt-equity auction Friday , with 32 potential bidders participating .
The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments .
But as the Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month , Andrew Cuomo , the politically seasoned son of the New York governor , is also said to have taken a more active role on strategy .
In the additional time they provide even more order imbalances might pile up , as would-be sellers finally get their broker on the phone .
`` When you leave the room after your massage , people say you look like you 're glowing . ''
AmBase Corp. , New York , awarded the ad account for its Home Insurance Co. unit to Biederman , Kelly & Shaffer , New York .
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
Mr. Donohoo was convicted in Louisville late last month of violating Superfund by failing to report the release of asbestos into the environment from a building he was demolishing .
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity .
Earlier this week , Mr. Simmons objected to published reports quoting him as saying he planned to sell his Lockheed stake because `` the defense industry seems to be getting more uncertain . ''
What Mr. Major and Mrs. Thatcher will do now remains to be seen .
Medstone International plummeted 3 1\/4 to 7 1\/4 .
Investor Asher Edelman increased his stake in Intelogic Trace Inc. and cleared the way for additional purchases .
Terms were n't disclosed .
The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter .
Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The `` markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before . ''
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film .
A Zimbabwean delegate argued that the ban would `` guarantee the extinction of the elephant . ''
`` It 's very tough for most individuals to out-trade the mutual funds or the market , '' says Mr. Lipper .
Today 's most widely used data-storing chips have `` volatile '' memories -- their data disappear if they are n't fed a steady diet of electricity , so they need external power supplies .
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 .
The percentage change is since year-end .
Here are some ideas :
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 finished 1\/4 point stronger at 98 1\/2 bid , to yield 7.32 % .
Mr. Farooquee attributed the decline to an industrywide softening of demand for computer enhancement products .
The compromise bill passed the House last week but has now provoked jurisdictional fights with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which jealously protects its prerogatives over operations at the State Department .
There 's a 95 % probability any year 's result will fall in the range . )
Most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline .
But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch .
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death-penalty debate .
Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations .
The spokesman noted four-hour to five-hour traffic delays on the San Mateo bridge , for example .
On routes to South America , the company had no backup jets to ensure delivery when planes were grounded .
Douglas B. Evans
Last year , Hochiminh City Food says it bought two million metric tons of unhusked rice , more than 10 % of the country 's output .
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal .
Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other .
IBM rose 2 3\/8 to 104 1\/8 as 2.2 million shares changed hands .
The engine plant may encompass plans for a joint components venture with Jaguar .
Does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ?
Now , neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out .
And he yelled out ` dolce ! dolce ! ' { ` sweet ! sweet ! ' } . ''
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Salomon Brothers Inc .
Flight Attendants Lag Before Jets Even Land
Those supermarket tabloids Make me feel slow Because I still have n't seen
He describes a reporter as `` Miss First Amendment . ''
Christopher Castleman , LIT chief executive , said in an interview that the loss stemmed from the default of three options traders who had bet on a price rise in UAL Corp. shares before Oct. 13 .
The new B.A.T will be a smaller tobacco and financial-services hybrid whose price-earnings ratio may more closely reflect the lower-growth tobacco business than the higher-multiple financial-services business , these holders believe .
Montedison now owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's shares outstanding .
Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above 40 % .
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford .
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September .
Over several decades , for instance , investors who put up with the stock market 's gyrations earned returns far in excess of those on bonds and `` cash '' investments like Treasury bills .
`` We do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . ''
To reduce it at the fund 's building , workers rubbed beeswax instead of polyurethane on the floors in the executive director 's office .
The August GDP was up 2.4 % from its year-earlier level .
We would even save on freight . ''
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 14 % to $ 589 million from $ 515.1 million .
So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S. .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied on the news , closing 39.55 points higher at 2683.20 .
THE HOUSE FAILED to override Bush 's veto of a bill easing abortion funding .
Representatives of the Inuit and Cree peoples living in Quebec and Labrador in northeastern Canada told the ministry of the planned action at a meeting , a ministry spokesman said .
The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals .
Then , he answers his own question .
the Dow has more ups and downs than an elevator , '' proclaimed an advertisement Monday in New York newspapers , touting Lincoln Savings Bank 's one-year CD .
`` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . '
Officials for Sun Valley , Calif.-based Verit could n't be reached for comment .
According to several ad-agency sources , newcomers to the Texas banking market are spending a combined $ 50 million this year to woo Texans .
Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing , and , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits .
`` The range of expectations is so broad , '' a dealer at another major U.K. brokerage firm said , `` the deficit may have to be nearer or above # 2 billion for it to have any impact on the market . ''
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years .
Bus production also slipped , by 49 % from a year earlier to 2,936 units .
But should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value .
What happened ?
A spokesman for Scott says that assuming the price of pulp continues to soften , `` We should do well .
Experts say such long hours for attendants pose a safety risk .
In driftnet , or `` wall of death , '' fishing , fleets lay nets up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path .
That collapse , following on the heels of disarray in the market for high-risk , high-yield bonds , cast doubt on the entire takeover business , which has fueled both big profits among Wall Street securities firms and big gains in the stock market generally .
Polaroid reported operating profit before taxes and interest costs of $ 63.1 million for the third quarter , more than double the year-before $ 24 million .
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s .
Yesterday 's rally was led by RJR Holdings 13 3\/4 % bonds , which initially tumbled three points , or $ 30 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to 96 1\/4 before rebounding to 99 3\/4 .
The developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships said preliminary results indicate that about 1,749,000 shares had been tendered , giving a preliminary proration factor of 0.6287 .
`` It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C .
Ms. Atkins , whose Lloyd 's membership was a bonus from a former employer in 1981 , belongs to Mr. Nutting 's dissident group on the Outhwaite syndicate , which has been hard hit by asbestos reinsurance claims .
Weisfield 's , based in Seattle , Wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states .
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex .
On China 's turmoil : `` It is a very unhappy scene , '' he said .
None of the officials was available for comment .
Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp .
The British company plans to change its name to Manpower , the name of its U.S. unit , and write off part of nearly $ 1.2 billion in good will as a possible prelude to reincorporating in the U.S. .
`` If we do n't do something ... we wo n't be able to catch up with demand , '' says a Dentsu spokesman .
Yesterday , Joel Zweibel , an attorney for Eastern 's creditors committee , declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to .
The real answer to curbing wild swings in stock prices , they say , might be to curb or even abolish stock-index futures .
The Decatur , Ga. , trade group has issued a `` briefing book '' that claims the machine is `` a health hazard '' and that Mr. Maynard is trying `` to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers . ''
Today the Treasury will announce the size of its next two-year note sale and Resolution Funding Corp. will announce details of its first bond offering .
According to its latest annual report , about a quarter of the company 's holdings are in Massachusetts , in the midst of a real-estate slump .
Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead .
`` The guys are going for their skis , their stereos , their personal computers , '' said Frank Fitzgerald , who helped others empty their apartments .
The company said it expects the name change to take effect within a week .
And a spokesman for Reliance Group Holdings Inc. , which had held 7 % of UAL before the first buy-out bid but later reduced its holdings below 5 % , would n't comment .
Japan 's steel exports fell 12.2 % in September from a year earlier and were down 1.1 % from the previous month , the Japan Iron and Steel Federation reported .
Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments , `` this has nothing to do with cigarettes , nor will it ever , '' the spokesman says .
The university is considering installing a $ 250,000 system to store applications electronically .
The move is part of Chase 's strategy to consolidate its back offices under one roof .
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes .
Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components of the Labor Department 's consumer price index for September .
As financial markets rebounded , trading volume in the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's huge Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures pit soared , reaching near-record levels for the first time since October 1987 .
If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny .
Previously , patent cases moved through the court system to one of the 12 circuit appeals courts .
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account .
We do n't have an absolute deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , '' to take particular steps , said Michael Prideaux , a B.A.T spokesman .
He brought along his Stuttgart-based Gaechinger Kantorei chorus , and even better , the Czech soprano Gabriela Benackova .
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products .
`` We 've got to get out of the Detroit mentality and be part of the world mentality , '' declares Charles M. Jordan , GM 's vice president for design , in explaining his pilgrimage to the Tokyo Show .
Knowledgeable employees said the retrofitting , which had n't yet been budgeted , was part of a planned , three-stage reinforcement of the Cypress structure begun by the California transportation department several years ago .
Ms. Bartlett told her audience that she absolutely did not believe in compromise or in giving in to the client `` because I do n't think you can do watered-down versions of things . ''
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion .
Sperry ultimately was eliminated from the competition without receiving the work .
Investors were further assured that only those with a minimun net worth would be accepted .
National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
More broadly , Mr. Boren hopes that Panama will shock Washington out of its fear of using military power .
Other furriers have also placed more weight on retailing .
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos .
Egon Krenz , the man tapped yesterday to become East Germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : reforming a country in crisis .
Hoechst AG 's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995 .
The commission said that EC television producers lost `` important market shares '' and suffered an `` unsustainable '' pressure on prices because of the Korean companies ' marketing and pricing policies , which it said were `` in clear violation '' of international trade rules .
`` We 're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans , and only a small number can be accommodated . ''
The operating territory includes coal terminals on the Ohio River and in Newport News , Va .
Wang had previously forecast a loss .
Jim Farooquee , chief executive officer of the Tustin , Calif. , computer accessories supplier , said he was `` comfortable '' with analysts ' expectations that CMS would earn between six cents and eight cents a share on revenue of about $ 42 million .
`` Conservatives shoot their own , '' he says .
Why do you continually ignore the salubrious effects of indexing the basis of capital gains for inflation ?
Their discomfort is a healthy sign for the rest of us .
Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited .
IT PAYS to follow a management career path -- even at law firms .
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink .
At this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value .
Average maturity was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward .
Under terms of the sale , Nuggets owner Sidney Shlenker could receive up to $ 11 million in additional payments from the franchise 's future earnings .
Already the Germans appear to be acting ; at a special meeting on the day of the decline , directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours , although they have n't decided when or by how much .
Westinghouse 's own role as a supplier also is changing .
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .
They got a small piece of the net profits and a screen credit '' as executive producers .
While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive .
Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software .
But SONG founder Jeremy Kahn , a Harvard junior , thinks of nerds and geeks more as `` nonconformists , '' albeit with a studious bent .
The assembly plant builds the Cadillac DeVille , Chevrolet Caprice and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera Wagon .
There is no recovery period -- it 's go , go , go .
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 .
`` Low P-E '' stocks , he says , vastly outperform others `` during a recession or bear market . ''
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes .
CBS News , which as recently as two years ago fired hundreds of its employees in budget cutbacks , now hires featured actors beginning at $ 2,700 a week .
It will require companies to spell out in more detail collateral polices and concentrations of credit risk for all financial instruments .
Underwear scored a middling 36 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a mundane product .
Analysts and competitors said the move reflects a growing need by the stores to expand their customer base beyond the traditional blue-collar worker who pops into a convenience store for a sandwich , cigarettes , soda or beer .
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen .
The election was by secret ballot in the General Assembly .
But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense . ''
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing billion-dollar takeovers .
Senator Coats 's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts .
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
The firm has said it expects to pay $ 11.5 million overall to settle with states .
In addition , Michael W. O'Donnell , executive vice president of a Columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company .
British Airways rose initially after announcing its withdrawal from the UAL deal .
`` The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative '' when considering a merger deal , he says .
The basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the Fed should be addressed , is to prevent a recurrence of this experience .
Some observers thought that after Friday 's sharp drop , the firms would rein in their program traders to avoid stoking more controversy .
A spokeswoman said Toronto-based Campeau has received `` expressions of interest '' in Bloomingdale 's , but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made .
Made in USA .
David Sanders , a longtime pilot , bristles at the mere suggestion that a union might tamper with his flight schedule .
Francis M. Wheat , a former Securities and Exchange Commission member , headed the panel that had studied the issues for a year and proposed the FASB on March 30 , 1972 .
What 's more , both Eurocom and brothers Francis and Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat .
Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : I was doing it already !
The company offered to purchase $ 500 million of convertible preferred stock from the trust that handles its payments to asbestos victims .
Hachette S.A. , a European media and publishing group , reported a small rise in its attributable first-half group profit , excluding exceptional items , to 133.8 million francs ( $ 21.1 million ) from 130.1 million francs a year earlier .
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .
One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid `` in the $ 225 area , '' but that it could take three to four months to close .
The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 .
`` If we 're not headed for a recession , we 're certainly headed for a major slowdown . ''
Lloyd 's only recently reported its financial results for 1986 .
The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees .
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 .
In late trading Friday , Jaguar shares bucked the downward tide in London 's stock market and rose five pence to 725 pence ( $ 11.44 ) .
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . ''
Phillips Petroleum
But in 1989 most senators have other ideas .
Maureen Fraser , an economist with W.I. Carr , a subsidiary of France 's Banque Indosuez , believes that the territory may not be able to regain its momentum until some time after 1997 .
What should I do ?
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said .
`` We 've got a lot to do , '' he acknowledged .
Sears , Roebuck & Co. signed a contract with Bob Vila , the former host of the popular public television program `` This Old House , '' to star in a half-hour home improvement show sponsored by the giant retailer .
Analysts and financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash .
Apogee said a subcontractor had severe cost overruns and was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project .
He said Mr. Steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly .
But a spokesman for KKR says that with only a 15 % equity stake , it would n't be appropriate for KKR to keep board representation .
The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower .
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . ''
In addition , local banks say the new contract is important in helping them offset their Hong Kong-dollar exposure .
Unless , of course , it happens to be run by the Rothschilds .
Mr. Alexander , for his part , insisted that the punchers ca n't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else , ca n't use a blunt instrument and ca n't take a running start .
The earnings drop had been expected .
Moreover , both sides may face political critics .
In the industrial-gases segment , operating profit climbed to $ 87 million from $ 58 million .
There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program .
The sole limited partner of the partnership is Westwood Brick Lime Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Westwood Group Inc .
That came to a combined $ 37.7 million under the $ 300-a-share buy-out , but just $ 21.3 million at yesterday 's close .
In the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill in March , new governmental drilling bans are sharply curtailing exploration in promising locations offshore and in Alaska .
Why is this happening ?
Indeed , during Mr. Breeden 's confirmation hearing last month , senators asked him to introduce his children three separate times -- more often than they asked about his qualifications for the job .
It chronicles how , over a period of a dozen years , Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created .
According to Gen. Sundarji , that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company .
Few petitions , however , have actually delayed or scuttled mergers .
In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless .
In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others .
MacMillan Bloedel , a Vancouver , British Columbia , forest products concern , said the 8.1 % loan is due Oct. 16 , 1996 .
Lance Zipper , head of over-the-counter trading at Kidder Peabody , said it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday 's trading volume .
The number of people who said they were more likely to shop at Sears fell in September to 37 % from 66 % in March , when Sears blanketed the airwaves with ads about its new pricing strategy .
The industry used 82.2 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.8 % the previous week and 84 % a year ago .
`` We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on `` Teddy Z . ''
Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
Robert Guy , an associate curator at the Princeton Art Museum , was previewing a June antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix , which he , as a specialist in Attic pottery and a careful reader of the Stolen Art Alert in `` IFAR Reports , '' knew was stolen .
But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control .
The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen , the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco .
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view .
They would not solve the problem ; they would make it worse .
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50 % to 100 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 20 % .
Dow Jones industrials 2603.48 , up 6.76 ; transportation 1191.86 , up 1.43 ; utilities 216.74 , up 0.88 .
The Soviet entrenchment in Nicaragua is alarming for Costa Rica , a peaceful democracy without an army .
`` If I go in there as I normally dress , they 'd ask , ` Who is this hippie ? ' ''
The directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional Bell operating companies to purchase the company 's interests .
But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion .
( Impressionist and modern paintings , not tracked by Salomon , are ranked even higher at 74 % by Sotheby 's . )
On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million .
Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed .
Some 1,750 members quit the exchange last year , more than triple the number of resignations in 1987 .
The contraction was twice as large as economists projected and was the sharpest decline since a 19 % drop in January 1982 .
It 's hard to believe this really is happening .
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year .
Even the president 's doctor , Burton Lee , has said on the record that he 'd love to be surgeon general but could n't pass the pro-life test .
`` I think there is a damned good chance someone is going to hit the skids on this , '' said Oppenheimer & Co. analyst Myron Picoult .
The courthouse , to be built in Monterey Park , is expected to open in the spring of 1992 .
Stock-fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year .
So most bills are passed without full discussion ; particularly difficult bills are passed in the absence of the opposition parties .
The State Department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers .
For the 43 million people with disabilities and their families , this legislation is the `` Emancipation Proclamation . ''
Though analysts say competition will probably hold down increases in retail energy prices , many expect some of the wholesale rise to be passed along to the consumer before the end of the year .
In a less glamorous field , Akzo is the world 's biggest producer of industrial salt , used as a raw material for the chemical industry as well as for such tasks as melting ice .
Warren Buffett has been on record as opposing stock-index futures since their inception in 1982 .
U.S. Deputy Trade Representative Jules Katz replied that the proposal was entirely consistent with the April accord .
The Confederation of British Industry 's latest survey shows that business executives expect a pronounced slowdown , largely because of a 16-month series of interest-rate increases that has raised banks ' base lending rates to 15 % .
Even when new lending resumes , foreign exchange would still be tight because Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years .
`` I cut my losses and ran , '' she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling .
`` What a good feeling it would be for me to do that , '' he says he thought .
The product , developed by Desktop Data Corp. , a new company based in Waltham , Mass. , scans the wires looking for articles that contain key words specified by the user .
Treasury bonds ended slightly higher in light trading .
The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status , a label accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval .
In Washington and on Wall Street .
In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill .
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers .
So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars ( US$ 457 million ) in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital .
The state began such work after a 1971 tremblor in Southern California , when numerous bridges collapsed .
She also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control .
Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire .
She said Quotron switched to a backup system until the problems were corrected .
McCaw has called for a `` fair auction '' of LIN , which earlier entered a stock-swap merger pact with BellSouth .
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen .
`` Most parents who had to go through that never came back , '' says Michael Shannon , president of Vail Associates Inc. , which owns and operates the Vail and nearby Beaver Creek resorts .
The complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict .
Analysts said the nation 's second-largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes .
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it .
In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August , Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be `` end-tailed '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules , pay and career options .
The program has even been called upon to create `` safe '' white electoral districts in municipalities where whites are the minority .
The case for owning stocks over the long-term is compelling .
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years .
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b . H. , a West German photographic products distributor .
`` Some Japanese executives are not yet ... comfortable about sharing strategic information with their American colleagues , '' the researchers say .
Or was it because Ms. Collins had gone ?
In the year-earlier period , Colgate posted net income of $ 60.2 million , or 88 cents a share .
And he had n't used hormones , which many growers employ to elongate their Delicious apples for greater eye appeal .
He urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money .
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 8.04 % .
Half of those polled see the currency trending lower over the next three months , while the others forecast a modest rebound after the New Year .
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit-card securities are the first with a 10-year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues .
Varian Associates Inc. , Palo Alto , Calif. , reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunged more than 95 % to $ 1 million , or five cents a share , from $ 24.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , in the year-earlier quarter .
We have some level of financial interest '' in the collection .
`` This is the worst shakeout ever in the junk market , and it could take years before it 's over , '' says Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , a credit rating company .
US Facilities Corp. said Robert J. Percival agreed to step down as vice chairman of the insurance holding company .
Those `` people '' to whom I refer are not some heroic , indecipherable quantity ; they are artists , critics , taxi drivers , grandmothers , even some employees of the Ministry of Culture , all of whom share a deep belief in the original principles of the Cuban Revolution , spelled out in terms such as equality among all members of the society , reverence for education and creative expression , universal rights to health and livelihood , housing , etc .
Automatic Data is redeeming the bonds because the after-tax cost of the interest on the bonds is higher than the dividend yield on the common , a spokesman said .
A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases , from arson to securities fraud , without missing a beat .
The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs .
Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % .
`` They had to do it . ''
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. --
SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that .
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said .
`` At the end of the third quarter , there was still no evidence of renewed home building in response to the midyear decline of mortgage rates , '' Mr. Christie said .
No safety problems with the products are known , the FDA said .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Xerox closed at $ 62.75 a share , up $ 1 .
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms .
The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks .
`` Unless the market goes to 19 million units -- which we all know it 's not going to do -- we have the inescapable fact that the transplants are adding capacity , '' Mr. Lutz said last month .
`` The other half , we may have before long . ''
India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded , but they have started to think big .
No wonder .
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year .
Mr. Lawson also dismissed the possibility of imposing direct credit controls on Britain 's financial system .
Mr. Warren pronounces the Litchfield case `` your typical demonic infestation . ''
Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . ''
Honeywell Inc. got a $ 22.3 million Navy contract for aircraft missile warning sets .
The House Appropriations Committee approved an estimated $ 2.85 billion in emergency funding to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and to extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo .
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
That range was quickly narrowed to $ 145 to $ 155 , although traders surrounding the post were told that $ 148 to $ 150 would be the likely target .
Resistance to a national language comes primarily from members of the country 's elite , who generally prefer English .
The letter , dated last Thursday , cited the losses at Valley National , and at United Bank , also of Phoenix , where Mr. Simmons was chairman for 29 years .
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said .
An additional 56 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 12 months .
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody .
Consistently , D.T. was over-optimistic about its chances , which it continually sized up , in numerical form .
It is not my contention that either Mr. Chestman or Mr. Freeman was an innocent victim of prosecutorial overzealousness .
UNDER A PROPOSAL by Democrats to expand Individual Retirement Accounts , a $ 2,000 contribution by a taxpayer in the 33 % bracket would save $ 330 on his taxes .
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million .
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe .
`` Besides , we have enough on our plate .
The amendment would require the department to block the purchase of a major airline by anyone who has run two or more carriers that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code .
Unlike the quarter 's results , which were based on roughly equal shares outstanding , nine-month per-share figures reflect an increase in average common shares outstanding to 51.9 million from 47 million .
They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan and adds to domestic inflationary pressures .
Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them .
For all of 1988 , Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests .
But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's .
The Arab states , always bitterly resentful of U.S. support toward Israel , realized they held an irresistable weapon -- oil .
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 .
`` The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit , '' Mr. Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button `` sack suit , '' with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit .
The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts .
But whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , `` we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning . ''
It 's the most controversial form of program trading because it can create abrupt price swings in the stock market .
He owns 43 % of CenTrust 's shares .
`` Convenience store merchandise has not kept pace with current trends in consumer preferences , '' he said in a speech at the company 's annual shareholders meeting .
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? ''
Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced .
Chemical Securities Inc. is acting as agent for the seller .
The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. , the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest in Grace Energy Corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy .
As members of the Black Caucus in Congress asked during the debate on the legislation that freed Dr. Morgan , does anyone seriously believe that if she were an uneducated , black , working-class woman , Congress would have rushed to pass a private relief bill freeing her ?
They include 122,700 shares bought Friday for between $ 47.125 and $ 48 each .
Those rumors were confirmed after the end of trading yesterday when the U.S. Agriculture Department announced that the Soviets had bought 1.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn , bringing their U.S. corn purchases confirmed so far this month to about five million metric tons .
Expect , of course , sky-high prices on other dates near the holidays when the airlines know vacationers are eager to travel .
`` The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a standstill , '' said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee .
It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough and the U.S. , under the banner of pragmatism , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory .
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing .
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost-busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house .
`` We ca n't police the many organizations that have sprung up in the last few years using part of our name .
`` We 're shocked by it , because it 's worked so fast , '' said Dr. Thomas E. Starzl , director of the University of Pittsburgh Transplantation Program , at a news conference here yesterday .
Yesterday , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Dean Witter all increased the proportion of assets they recommend investors commit to stocks .
Gerard E. Wood , 51 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company .
In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees .
They were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve Mr. Wall 's job and to avoid a reconfirmation hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about Lincoln S&L .
The government of President F.W. de Klerk is using this situation to improve its international image and head off further economic sanctions .
He said Drexel -- the leading underwriter of high-risk junk bonds -- could no longer afford to sell any junk offerings if they might later become troubled because Drexel risked losing its highly lucrative junk franchise .
Baron Elie de Rothschild , the family 's elder spokesman , explains that by the end of the 19th century , Berlin had replaced Frankfurt as Germany 's financial center .
The letter outlines broad powers for an independent group of directors provided for in the revised offer .
This bacterium produces a toxin that , if used as a vaccine , can induce immunity to whooping cough .
The problem has been particularly damaging to the OTC market , traditionally a base for the small investor .
Quake Not Likely to Jolt The Commercial Market
He said the company expects to be `` on target '' with analysts ' projections by year end but conceded that the fourth quarter represents `` a significant challenge . ''
Two years ago , a Canadian reader bet Omni Magazine $ 1,000 that it could n't debunk the uncanny goings-on in `` the Oregon Vortex , '' a former Indian burial ground in southern Oregon .
Also , profit rose 19 % in the third quarter .
Meanwhile , inside the courtroom , the judge said he would fine attorneys for the two creditors $ 50 every time they referred to each other with terms such as `` liar '' or `` slime . ''
But this is almost an underground activity .
At the same time , they contend that a reduction of NATO forces under a treaty will increase the possibility of a conventional Soviet attack unless the West retains a residual force of nuclear weapons in Europe .
Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic and plans a third .
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter .
In July , Moody 's downgraded $ 400 million of the company 's debt , saying the bank holding company had n't taken adequate write-offs against potential losses on real estate loans despite its second-quarter write-down .
In China , however , there is n't likely to be any silver lining because the economy remains guided primarily by the state .
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency .
I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ... ''
AT&T already has a factory in Matamoros , Mexico , to make electrical devices .
The jury found them guilty of conspiracy in obtaining the payments , some of which were disguised as fees for consulting services from Mrs. Garcia .
Strict new regulations seem certain to pass the state House in Pennsylvania next week , with easy approval by the Senate and by Democratic Gov. Bob Casey expected shortly thereafter .
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
The suit , filed in Minneapolis federal court , claims that Apple violated a Quickview patent that allows computer users to display `` only portions of multiple fields on a computer screen with the ability to see the entire contents of any given field . ''
Mr. Breeden did n't reject the proposal .
`` They 've been promising 13 % to 15 % growth based on the strategic moves they 've made , '' he said .
City building codes require construction that can resist temblors .
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .
Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night .
They said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year .
One consequence of the trend toward tabloid standards of taste will be fierce attacks from politicians who will find sufficient evidence of abuse to arouse an already cynical public to control the press .
Mutual funds , for example , are said to be selling existing municipal bonds to raise cash to buy new issues .
The British government currently forbids any outside investor from holding more than 15 % of the company 's shares without permission until Dec. 31 ,
Fed Chairman Greenspan said the central bank can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but doing so will inflict short-term pain .
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , rose 1\/2 to 109 1\/4 on 495,000 shares .
The suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people . ''
The yield on six-month T-bills fell to 7.82 % on Monday , from 8.01 % the week before .
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday .
3 . In deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a TRO ) is appropriate , the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense ; the government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime .
The 189 Democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 175 who initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago and 136 last year on a similar vote .
A Georgia-Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest-products company .
In Frankfurt , a Lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment .
On the contrary , office rubdowns usually take place in dimly lighted conference rooms , where stressed-out employees relax in specially designed chairs , fully clothed .
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ?
PLASTIC PENCILS , CODE-NAMED E-71 , made their hush-hush debut in children 's pencil boxes at five-and-dime stores in 1973 .
There is a recognizable musical style here , but not a particular performance style .
Holders of SCI TV 's $ 507 million of high-yield junk bonds are being asked to forgive a lot of debt in exchange for taking a 39 % equity stake in SCI TV .
NBC 's winning streak has been canceled .
Although Mr. Hastings had been acquitted by a jury , lawmakers handling the prosecution in Congress had argued that the purpose of impeachment is n't to punish an individual .
Moreover , she proclaimed that `` landscape architects have been going wrong for the last 20 years '' in the design of open space .
Yet he puts quite a twist on the old story handed down from Darwin .
The Clean Water Act contains no `` legal standard '' of zero discharge .
Both Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid .
The offer is based on several conditions , including obtaining financing .
`` Helen Boehm has a way with names , '' says James Revson , a gossip columnist for Newsday ( and son of Joseph Revson , a founder of Revlon ) .
Some analysts believe the company has the ability to pinpoint the trough in interest-rate cycles .
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline 's board wanted to keep the company independent , effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out .
Bus schedules were sometimes in disarray , stranding commuters such as Marilyn Sullivan .
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the Journal survey and other research studies indicate .
A spokesman for Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) says Mr. Thornburgh would be required to reinstate the units next year if an proposed omnibus crime bill is passed .
A number of major banks have posted big losses after sharply increasing loan-loss reserves .
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter .
`` It 's not as if we 're teaching language per se , '' he says , `` We 're just using it . ''
Cases in Los Angeles County involving dependent children are usually heard in the Criminal Courts Building .
If the request is approved by both the House and Senate , Mr. Cheney would need only permission from the White House Office of Management and Budget to move the money , according to Senate budget analysts .
The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 30 of them for criminal prosecution .
But London 's problems were nothing compared with the Continent 's .
Media General Inc. intends to sell two of its West Coast weekly newspaper chains , Golden West Publishing Inc. and Highlander Publications , which together comprise 31 papers .
Mr. Grobstein 's appointment formalizes a role he has been performing since the merger , a spokeswoman said .
American Express 's share of Shearson 's earnings was $ 41 million , after preferred stock dividends ; it owns about 68 % of Shearson 's common .
`` It 's very revealing and soul baring , '' said Ms. Volokh .
They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . ''
Mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge to third-quarter operating profit .
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush .
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill .
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .
Mr. Koenig said : `` I just got a tremendous offer from Gruntal .
The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department ( MPD ) .
In addition , the regime has established well-paid paramilitary forces totaling more than 100,000 , including 35,000 Soviet-trained troops of the Interior Ministry ( KHAD\/WAD ) , which still is directed by 1,500 Soviet KGB officers .
Acadia Partners and the Bass Group declined to comment .
`` Do n't say it 's a gold ceiling .
Economists predict the report will show economic growth of about 2.5 % in the third quarter , which would have little effect on financial markets .
The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now topping $ 3 billion a year .
He said Jaguar `` should n't be smothered by anyone else , '' recalled one participant .
In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power .
`` We are n't inclined to prune stock portfolios now , '' says Steven G. Einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of Goldman , Sachs & Co .
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone .
Ingersoll has 28 dailies and 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe .
`` We did n't rubber-stamp everything that came to us , '' Mr. Lynch says .
Scot MacInnis , a masseur in Boulder , Colo. , had a scary experience while massaging a man in a natural-foods supermarket as part of a store promotion .
Capcom Futures , while neither admitting nor denying the Merc charges , said in a statement that the Merc charges were `` technical in nature '' and that `` no customers were hurt '' as a result of the violations cited by the Merc .
The year-before loss was $ 8.4 million , or $ 1.36 a common share .
Okobank ( Finland ) --
As if he were Iron Mike , about to enter the ring with a 98-pound weakling , he declared : `` I 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . ''
New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday .
`` The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in { East Germany } , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , '' said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher .
Other airline stocks fell in response to the UAL board 's decision to remain independent for now , including USAir Group , which separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.86 a share compared with a year-ago profit .
Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs , improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance .
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
This year , Hoechst will produce about 62,000 tons of CFCs in factories in Frankfurt , Spain and Brazil .
Another former EPA official , Rita Lavelle , is still struggling after her conviction in 1983 on perjury charges .
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said .
Call Jim Wright 's office in downtown Fort Worth , Texas , these days and the receptionist still answers the phone , `` Speaker Wright 's office . ''
Addressing a conference of the New York-based Institute for East-West Security Studies in Frankfurt yesterday , Mr. Genscher said , `` History will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . ''
An Olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December .
It also raised hackles of the city 's tourism boosters .
But traders also said arbitrage-related trading contributed to the market 's surge , as buy programs boosted prices shortly after the opening and sporadically through the remainder of the session .
Some analysts speculated yesterday that the move has set off a board room split , which may lead to the resignation of Sir Colin Marshall , the carrier 's chief executive officer .
As a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said .
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index fell 1.69 to 341.16 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.88 to 188.89 .
`` Steve and his firm were still worth a lot of money , '' Mr. Rawls said .
In the Securities and Exchange Commission filings , the group has said it may seek control of Rally 's .
`` MCI has made hawks out of the upper echelon of AT&T , '' said PaineWebber 's Mr. Grubman , who said he expected AT&T to become increasingly aggressive in dealing with its longtime nemesis .
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 26.23 points to 2662.91 .
Hong Kong has built a detention center for illegal immigrants from China because China has refused for the past two weeks to accept them back .
In the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 .
CORPORATE security directors increasingly worry that merger mania spawns a rise in employee dishonesty .
Rodeo applause : broncs cheer .
The centerpiece of the overhaul , according to Mr. Roberti , is the men 's tailored clothing department , where Brooks Brothers has added new suit styles and fabrics .
Although officials of the savings and loan , a unit of Great Western Financial Corp. , used some of their new plans and equipment during this week 's quake , they still lost touch for more than 24 hours with 15 branches in the affected areas , not knowing if employees were injured or vaults were broken open .
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said .
Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management , citing a pattern of junk-bond default rates that are low in the early years after issuance and rise later , says , `` We 're now in a period where we 're starting to see defaults from the big issue years of 1984 to 1986 . ''
For Carat , meanwhile , the alliance with Eurocom and WCRS is intended to strengthen its own push outside France .
And senior officials of two U.S. securities houses say they switched trades in European stocks to the London market last week when they could n't unwind positions on the Continent .
`` You people here think this is Russian music , '' she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : `` Could you turn it off ? ''
A bid against Paribas could n't be ruled out .
The New York company called the lawsuit without merit .
Since the late 1970s , California property owners have benefited from a tax rollback as a result of a state ballot initiative known as Proposition 13 .
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year .
The British prime minister was the only woman singled out by respondents , who put Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in second place ... .
Since few insurers have announced what amount of losses they expect to see from the earthquake , it 's impossible to get a clear picture of the quake 's impact on fourth-quarter earnings , said Herbert Goodfriend at Prudential-Bache Securities Corp .
The opposition charged that the money was used to bribe Indian government officials , an allegation denied by Mr. Gandhi 's administration .
Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 2 % and a year-on-year advance of 3 % .
The company said it has agreed to sell the extrusion division for $ 15 million to R.D. Werner Co. , a closely held firm based in Greenville , Pa .
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31 .
The next day , Mr. Schaeffer presented the couple with a check for $ 151,000 to help them build a new home in the same neighborhood .
Last week , when her appeal was argued before the Missouri Court of Appeals , her lawyer also relied on the preamble .
So he adjusts .
During the trial , Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had been so upset `` that you considered killing Mr. Laff ? ...
The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe .
Terms on both deals were n't disclosed .
It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said .
The union said late last night that it is still committed to majority employee ownership and that the labor disputes that faced the company prior to the buy-out effort `` still need to be addressed . ''
The charge is offset by an after-tax gain of about $ 30 million in the quarter from the previously announced pact to sell National Aluminum 's rolling division .
And centenarians fly free in first class .
Istat said a national survey during the first week of July showed the number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago .
Instead , his Merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon CD , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value .
In 1983 , Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the Senate convicted him .
But Home Depot Inc. , an Atlanta-based home center chain , objected when Mr. Vila started doing commercial endorsements for Rickel Home Centers , a New Jersey building supply company that competes with Home Depot in some markets .
Analysts say investors remain skittish toward Salomon because of its volatile earnings .
In the British case , Mr. Lawson is the closest thing in London to a supply-side globalist .
Commodore International Ltd. said it will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 because sales of personal computers for the home market remained weak in some major countries .
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .
And that increase in the money supply would not have happened without the consent of the Federal Reserve .
The December contract ended at $ 999 a metric ton , down $ 15 .
`` The institutions have driven ( commission ) rates down to the point where it makes no sense to commit capital , '' says Tom Gallagher , senior executive vice president in charge of institutional trading at Oppenheimer & Co .
Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients .
It also opened the door to furs made in South Korea , China , Hong Kong and other countries .
`` Retailers who had good track records of producing profits will have a better chance to buy back their companies . ''
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said .
`` If you build a better mousetrap , it will catch more mice , '' says Fred Benninger , chairman of MGM Grand .
It continues to gain strength in the chamber but remains far short of the two-thirds majority required to prevail over Mr. Bush .
Net was up 69 % from $ 15.1 million , or 57 cents a share , last year .
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors .
By comparison , Cannes now gives $ 39,000 to the winner of its young director 's award .
`` It may take five years to break even in Japan , '' says John A. Siniscal , who runs the Asia-Pacific office for McCormack & Dodge , a U.S. software company .
Mazda and Ford said a combination of limited crankcase ventilation and improper maintenance could cause engine oil in some of the Mercury Tracers and Mazda 323s to deteriorate more rapidly than normal , causing increased engine noise or reduced engine life .
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted .
White Males
Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop in net interest margin with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans and similar growth in mortgages .
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 .
The company will notify holders of the notes to be redeemed .
THE CASE OF THE FAKE DALIS :
General Dynamics closed at $ 54.875 , up 50 cents .
The picocassette recorder also helped transform the company 's reputation from follower to leading-edge innovator .
Revenue advanced 26 % to $ 9.6 billion from $ 7.6 billion .
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund .
The expansion will set off a marketing war among the big hotel-casinos .
Since the 1970s energy crisis , some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect : high indoor pollution .
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent .
Jason Overseas Ltd. , initial offering of four million common shares , of which 3.2 million will be sold in the U.S. , and the balance outside the U.S. , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Mabon , Nugent & Co .
We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget .
Harley has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group or any other party .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , up about 60 points in mid-afternoon , finished with a gain of 39.55 points , to 2683.20 .
The impact on the insurance industry `` will be big and harsh , but less than { Hurricane } Hugo , '' says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake .
Granges Inc. , citing depressed gold prices , said it plans to suspend operations for an indefinite period at its Tartan gold mine in Manitoba .
Dr. Yonehara and his partner , Nobuyuki Kobayashi of Yamaguchi University , said their experiments showed that the antibody wiped out an average of 60 % of AIDS-infected cells within three days .
People had died .
A new Gallup Poll study commissioned by the New York Business Group on Health , found that a full 25 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related illness , with about 13 % suffering from depression .
Only 2 % of the people in September cited Sears 's `` friendly personnel . ''
The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa , with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races , blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape and the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress .
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents .
Closed yesterday due to power difficulties .
Mobil
They said Howell is particularly successful there because of its membership cooperation with local unions .
If the program is meant to provide a subsidy , collecting the debt defeats the original goal .
The plant and its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days , the company said .
Take Your Vacation In a Hurricane Area
Over the next three years , public schools will get 1.5 million PCs , a 15-fold increase from current levels .
Philips did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue .
There 's a beautiful , Coplandesque motif -- he 'd kill me if he heard me say that -- throughout the first movement ...
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ?
He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would `` help define policies and strategies of the group . ''
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years .
Citicorp
Apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much .
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
The FBI had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until June
We hope the next head of the Civil Rights Commission will be as brave as Mr. Allen in making the case for equality of civil rights .
Mr. Baldwin likes the offering .
With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away .
Mr. Bickwit said the paper had been donated to `` a charitable organization that sells it for recycling .
Wednesday , October 18 , 1989
Switzerland 's most famous raider says he is n't one .
An official at Wako Securities said these investors feel the need to make quick profits , despite destabilizing external factors , such as political uncertainty tied to the ruling party 's fate at next year 's Lower House elections - an event which could directly affect the stock market .
Their effort has received a lukewarm response from the Justice Department .
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications .
Pachinko , a kind of pinball , is Japan 's favorite form of legal gambling .
Mr. Sheinberg remains as executive vice president .
P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter .
In fact , six of those companies received refunds , which totaled $ 120 million .
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares .
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids .
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 .
They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly .
However , these figures do n't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin , an economist at the Federal Reserve Board .
Santa Fe Pacific plans to sell 20 % of its large real estate unit to a California pension fund for $ 400 million and spin the rest off to shareholders .
The bonds will be issued for a term of 34 years at an interest rate of 8 % .
`` That 's antithetical to the art of selling . ''
And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified .
But there 's a catch .
# 200 million of undated variable-rate notes priced at par via Merill Lynch International Ltd .
Big chunks of the government budget , like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare , would n't be affected .
This information was gleaned from your own news stories on the region .
In addition to giving a president powers to rewrite spending bills meant to be written in Congress , Rep. Edwards argues , a line-item veto would allow the chief executive to blackmail lawmakers .
Although such sessions may never replace coffee breaks , on-site massage , as it is known in the trade , is certainly infiltrating corporate America .
Ferro Corp. said it will buy back as many as one million common shares .
Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies .
In fact , Commodore 's fiscal fourth-quarter loss was $ 2 million narrower than Commodore had expected a few weeks after the quarter closed .
The Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a stock and bond fund that will invest in `` socially responsible '' companies , and a bond fund .
Sales to Compaq represented 26 % of Conner 's business in its third quarter , compared with 42 % in the year-ago period .
With the exception of August , when exports rose 2.1 % , exports have declined every month from year-earlier levels since March .
State Farm said about 25 % of its policyholders in California have also purchased earthquake insurance .
As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled , three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income in this year 's first half .
Sapporo Lion Ltd . ( Japan ) -- 50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1994 , with a 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) .
The 40 pet projects were discovered buried in the appropriations bill for HUD and some other agencies after it returned from a conference committee that was called to resolve differences between the House and Senate versions .
Mr. de la Bouillaire says Warner Brothers production president Mark Canton called him Oct. 19 and said Mr. Peters is `` off the picture .
Roger L. Sutton , executive vice president , was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer .
Now , says Mr. Biehl , value investing often means `` looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . ''
`` There 's a rising fear that perhaps Mrs. Thatcher 's style of management has become a political liability , '' says Bill Martin , senior economist at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew .
They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities .
In the trial of former Haas Securities Chairman Eugene Laff , the defense accused one of the government 's chief witnesses of threatening to kill Mr. Laff .
Both Gen. Scowcroft and his deputy , Robert Gates , are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs .
Mr. Tannenbaum is a reporter in the Journal 's New York bureau .
Federal Express and Flying Tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 2.6 million tons .
After the announcement yesterday , Digital shares gained $ 1.25 to close at $ 89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Ford Motor Co. said it will shut down for one week its Kentucky Truck Plant because of a `` shortage of dealer orders . ''
Many issues `` bounced off the floor , '' Mr. Minella said , and benchmark junk issues `` recovered all of their losses '' from Friday and early yesterday .
The Turkish refugee tragedy and the ongoing crisis can not be ignored and shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history that has become so convenient recently .
The action renews concern about buyouts in high-tech industries .
For the nine months , net of $ 38.5 million , or 92 cents a share , trailed the year earlier 's $ 49.9 million , or $ 1.08 a share .
Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one-third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash .
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said .
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it completed its purchase of Urban Telephone Corp. , of Clintonville , Wis. , the second-largest unaffiliated independent telephone company in that state .
And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing .
Embedded in the `` budget '' being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee is something that looks , smells and waddles like a duck .
Operating profit dropped 35 % , however , to # 3.8 million .
Among bigger OTC stocks , the figures represent 2.05 days of average daily volume , compared with 2.14 days in September .
It never hurt anyone , that is , unless the growth funds do n't grow when you need them to .
On the surface , the decline in September durable goods -- only 0.1 % -- did n't appear very weak .
IRA BALANCES could be used to qualify for bank services under a bill entered by Reps. Chandler ( R. , Wash . ) and Andrews ( D. , Texas ) .
As recently as August , the company said it did n't foresee a need for substantial additions to reserves .
All agencies are New York-based .
Bonuses would be paid based on playing time and performance .
But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that `` AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules . ''
The only reason that Somalia remains in obscurity is numbers : a sparsely populated wasteland of 8.5 million people spread out over an expanse nearly the size of Texas .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % .
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . ''
It is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n't mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes .
Excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 2.5 billion in the first six months , compared with # 1.3 billion a year earlier , the Treasury said .
But some think that 's being overly optimistic .
Undeterred , D.T. 's handlers vowed to press on .
Among the results is a frequent breakdown of public services .
`` It 's the whole uncertainty about what 's happening around us , '' said Valentin Von Korff , a trader at Credit Suisse First Boston in Frankfurt .
Such efforts -- unheard of only a few years ago -- are the latest attempts to revive the sagging $ 1.76 billion U.S. ski industry .
A few blue-chip stocks posted strong gains , boosted by special factors , while the majority of shares ended little changed .
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier .
Payout of preferred dividends resulted in a net loss of five cents a share in the most recent quarter .
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau .
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy-out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement .
`` What could have been better ? '' asks Mr. Engelken .
Moreover , in the relatively unregulated Indian stock markets , investors frequently do n't know what they are getting when they subscribe to an issue .
Jindo Furs , a large South Korean maker , says it operates 35 retail outlets in the U.S. and plans to open 15 more by the end of next year .
Some have been combined into suites for the high rollers .
He also owes a lot of back taxes , interest and civil fraud penalties .
The timing of his visit was fortuitous ; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall .
`` European companies are looking to buy American ones , '' said Henry King , the managing partner at that firm .
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated .
In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps , he denounced the senators ' action .
Allianz 's statement stressed the company 's previously announced position that Paribas 's offer price is too low .
Some will likely be offered severance packages while others will be transferred to overseas operations .
IBM is based in Armonk , N.Y .
The mine is expected to return to production in about a week .
He served as Mr. Roderick 's front man in tense negotiations for the 1982 purchase of Marathon Oil for $ 5.9 billion .
Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged .
Aluminum shipments of 329,600 metric tons were nearly equal to the year-earlier period , the company said .
`` Insitutional investors , on the other hand , reacted to the steep decline in yields on direct money-market instruments following the stock-market decline last Friday , '' Mr. Dreyer said .
Mr. Boren is confusing consensus on general principles with agreement on specific actions .
Debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 1,103.11 redemption price .
With that possibility in mind , analysts said the transaction was a positive move for First City .
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country .
For the nine months , the company posted a 14 % rise in profit to $ 469.8 million , or $ 2.21 a share , from $ 410.3 million , or $ 1.95 a share .
New York-based Chase Manhattan Corp. took an $ 85 million Arizona-related charge .
Under terms of the loan agreement , Amdura said it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares , which are due Nov. 15 .
S.A. Brewing , which is 20%-owned by Elders IXL Ltd. , Australia 's largest brewer , will make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , the corporate regulators said in a statement .
In October doctors were debating the product 's safety , some claiming it caused infections .
Small-business groups also will fight the medical-leave provision of legislation that would expand parental leaves .
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows .
Some investors are skeptical of growth stocks because investing in them means ignoring that maxim found in the fine print of some investment advertisements -- that past performance is n't indicative of future results .
For the week , the industrial average gained 119.88 points , or 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average logged Oct. 13 .
`` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . ''
The risk is that Jaguar 's share price could slump if GM 's agreement with Jaguar effectively locks out its U.S. rival .
Also weighing on both metals ' prices is the role of the chief supplier , the Soviet Union .
L.H. Blum Beaumont , Texas
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect .
An incident in 1984 suggested one additional means by which Mr. Noriega might have maintained such influence with Washington -- by compromising U.S. officials .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested .
In her cookbook , which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month ( with the blini recipe revised so it works ) , she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature : Pushkin on blini , Goncharov on piroghi .
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales .
The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain , while Mr. Breene said it also plans to make acquisitions in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere .
It began in 1973 , when he was being considered for deputy mayor , and a routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact that he had n't paid his income tax for the previous four years .
`` It 's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street .
Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student , tottering around on lifts , Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte 's eye .
`` His side of the business has been successful in a tough environment , '' Mr. Rubel said .
It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when rates were marching steadily upward , and hit 42 days in August .
`` You ca n't go anywhere in this company and find an organizational chart , '' one delights .
East Germany yesterday removed Erich Honecker , one of the staunchest holdouts against the reform rumbling through the Communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly rebellious citizens .
But they also make it clear that the first thing a judge will have to decide is which , if any , version of events in this morass is fiction , and which fact .
The Rothschilds hope to use a long history in private banking and an aura of exclusivity to attract private and institutional investors .
`` This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate , '' Mr. Brady said .
Champion International said , `` We 've gotten our costs down and we 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been . ''
It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe .
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
Laundered drug money has served only to increase , unrealistically , the price of real estate , creating serious problems for low-income people who aspire to own their own homes .
Ultimate Corp. signed a letter of intent to market Hewlett-Packard Co. minicomputers , the companies said .
David T. Kearns , Xerox chairman and chief executive officer , cited the restructuring and `` strong '' cost controls for the 13 % growth in profit from business products and systems operations .
( In other words , after some highly visible dithering and public airing of differences , the administration has come down on the side of those who believe that what we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . )
From his new , million-dollar-a-year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers .
And , apparently , it is here to stay .
They were disturbed at what they regarded as Dr. Baltimore 's confrontational attitude toward the Dingell committee , which held hearings on a dispute over the lab notebooks of a researcher who had co-authored a scientific paper with Dr. Baltimore .
Another option for Delmed , the company said , is that it could sell its plant in Ogden , Utah .
It takes one person 's account and gives it authenticity . ''
We do n't consider that ambulance chasing . ''
There are n't any such listings for asset-backed securities .
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd .
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable .
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . ''
The government and the ANC , the bitterest of enemies , are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table .
It recently began a pilot program to test an electronic trading system called ATS\/2 , the automated trading system created by the International Commodities Clearing House .
The dollar was mixed .
However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings .
He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors .
Mr. Dozen even related the indignity suffered when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing .
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs .
In part , the trust cited the need to retain cash for possible acquisitions .
Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
The award results from the Navy 's exercising of an option in an earlier contract it awarded Avondale .
Paramedics were called .
The predictions of doom are `` premature , '' she says .
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents .
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . )
All of a sudden , prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200 .
Mellon has 36.6 million shares outstanding .
`` Lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a deficit-cutting bill . ''
Twenty years later , two California academics , Stanley Cohen and Herbert Boyer , made `` recombinant '' DNA , transplanting a toad 's gene into bacteria , which then reproduced toad genes .
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said it suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income .
The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities .
Commodore has seemed to be setting the stage recently for progress in the U.S. , where its personal-computer sales have been so dismal for years that Commodore is close to dropping off research firms ' market-share charts .
Psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing .
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods .
Nguyen Thi Thi is Vietnam 's entrepreneur of the 1980s .
Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around .
World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million .
The drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , underscoring an overall lack of stress in the U.S. economy , the company said .
In coming years , Mr. Cathcart says , Kidder is `` gon na hum . ''
Mr. Kloves has put together some priceless moments .
Jaguar ( OTC ; Symbol : JAGRY )
They did me some good .
The producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 .
The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS , 24 other states , and two Canadian provinces , and even from phonebook Yellow Pages .
Huge machines that look as though they came from the Star Wars desert-battle scene lumber among the dunes .
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par .
To push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the Gann limit , citing an emergency .
Such dignity `` has to do crucially with a butler 's ability not to abandon the professional being he inhabits . ''
It is Texaco 's first major acquisition since the legal battle with Pennzoil began over four years ago .
Among the insider sales , Charles Raikes , the firm 's general counsel , sold 12,281 shares in August , representing 46 % of his holdings in the company .
Ford Motor Co. reported a 21.2 % drop in sales of domestic-made cars to 46,995 and a 24.2 % drop in domestic trucks to 31,143 .
But Burns confesses in an interview : `` That 's not my handwriting .
Polaroid claims it could have manufactured and sold all the instant cameras and film sold by Kodak if Kodak had n't entered the market .
`` There is strong indication that ` Teddy Z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said John Sisk , senior vice president at J. Walter Thompson Co. , a unit of WPP Group PLC .
The next woman was older , and I was afraid to touch her .
You try to maintain your dignity under difficult circumstances .
All the while , Ms. Bartlett had been busy at her assignment , serene in her sense of self-tilth .
A Manville spokesman would n't elaborate on the proposed changes .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
From about 200,000 six years ago , the number of mountain bikes in the U.S. is expected to grow to 10 million in 1990 .
Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago .
Kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead .
In nominal terms it rose 0.6 % from a year earlier before adjustment .
( Some courts release names and addresses , and researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings , and even question neighbors . )
With interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since June 4 , that assumption no longer seems so safe .
COTTON :
An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens .
Although the New York market plunge prompted a 70.5-point drop in the London Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100 Share Index , Mr. Leigh-Pemberton declared `` that the experience owed nothing to the particular problems of the British economy . ''
Fees 0.36 .
The round-trip fare to Havana is 410 Irish punts ( $ 578 ) .
Most of the buying was institutional , he added .
Business , however , continues to be `` robust , '' and the stock market has n't affected the concern 's expansion plans , says Todd Krasnow , a senior executive .
It is n't every day that we hear a Violetta who can sing the first act 's high-flying music with all the little notes perfectly pitched and neatly stitched together .
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection , '' he said , adding that coming up with a revised offer could easily take several weeks .
The television element of `` La Familia '' includes a series of two-minute informational features to air seven days a week on the Spanish-language Univision network , a unit of Univision Holdings Inc. , which is 80%-owned by Hallmark Cards Inc .
As for Foothills ' pre-emptive bid , Mr. Haskayne said , `` If they think it gives them some kind of priority position , well , that 's their strategy .
Bonn and Washington are leading supporters of Poland 's request for a $ 1 billion stand-by credit from the International Monetary Fund .
The United spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport ; in fact , as the airport was being evacuated Tuesday night , two babies were born .
They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court .
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share .
It depends on when you look .
One of those was in Hollister , Calif. , near the earthquake 's epicenter .
`` At the end of their day , they are zombies , '' says John Galipault , president of the Aviation Safety Institute , a public-interest group in Worthington , Ohio .
His campaign hierarchy is chosen from elsewhere in the state , and faced with criticism of a sweetheart bank investment , he has so far blunted the issue by donating the bulk of his profits to his alma mater , Trenton State College .
The money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Dun & Bradstreet closed yesterday at $ 53.75 , down 25 cents a share .
But just how does Mr. Downey 's unorthodox style mesh with the sedate tone of CNBC 's business programming ?
They wanted a machine that would allow them to pedal into rugged terrain then inaccessible to cycles .
`` You could buy at the bid and sell at the offer and make a fortune , '' he marveled .
This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress , and unfortunately , there is some truth to it .
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans .
With all this , can stock prices hold their own ?
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session as more investors dumped UAL shares .
The LDP won by a landslide in the last election , in July 1986 .
This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger .
Illinois , for instance , currently has under investigation 10 of the 30 companies drumming up funds for charities soliciting there .
About 130,000 vehicles cross during a 24-hour period .
Child care was one of the many `` extraneous '' bills pulled out of the Senate 's reconciliation bill last Friday .
The key is how a manager from one culture can motivate employees from another .
The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point .
The TVA bonds also `` served to remind the market that there will be even more new supply , '' said Lawrence N. Leuzzi , a managing director at S.G. Warburg Securities & Co .
A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million .
My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket .
Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division .
$ 75.1 million , two-part offering of bonds apparently was won by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group .
Phillips and Arco posted declines .
There is a simple reason for this : the Cuban people .
Adds Stacy Kotman , an economist at Georgia State University , `` There 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity . ''
But when asked what exactly he does in business , he immediately takes offense .
Groused Robert Antolini , head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette : `` It 's making it tough for traders to make money . ''
Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy .
Mr. Abalkin , head of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics , was recently appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state commission on economic reform .
Instead , he proposed a `` law-governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . ''
In Laos , when the Western powers bowed to pressure for such a coalition it turned out they were opening the door to communist domination .
Woodbridge is a holding company owned by Toronto 's Thomson family .
The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since Mr. Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution .
`` The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? '' he asked .
The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 and was designed to protect the company from takeover .
But revenue declined more than 2 % , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of credit services in the wake of controversy over the company 's sales practices .
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was at about $ 366.85 an ounce .
Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds .
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames .
Seeing all those millions in action , I was just so relieved that Ms. Gruberova , gawky thing that she is , did n't accidentally smother herself in a drape .
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion .
Aided by a sharp gain in its travel business , American Express said net rose to $ 331.8 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 273.9 million , or 64 cents a share .
The company 's shares began trading at 12 1\/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 .
Once a studio chooses not to actually make a movie that is in development , producers are typically free to take it elsewhere .
The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life .
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
`` I can see cuts of at least 20 % more , '' says the head of the London office of a major U.S. firm .
It is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy .
Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place .
The deepening bloodbath for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen UAL stock tumble 49 % since Oct. 12 , also triggered a marketwide sell-off that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down more than 80 points at 10:40 a.m .
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . ''
CONTINENTAL MORTGAGE & EQUITY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 10-cent-a-share payout on Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 .
`` Public TV is in fantasy land , '' he said .
But a few new spots are opening .
The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 507 million as of Sept. 30 .
In a speech prepared for delivery to London 's financial community , Mr. Lawson summed up current economic policy as a battle to wring inflation out of the British economy , using high interest rates as `` the essential instrument '' to carry out the campaign .
Dollar :
`` It 's worse than I thought , '' she said .
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country .
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company .
Mercedes officials said they expect flat sales next year even though they see the U.S. luxury-car market expanding slightly .
Senior ministry officials huddled with creditors during the week in an attempt to agree on some form of restructuring that would keep Waertsilae Marine operating .
Notes offered at a fixed level of 99.75 .
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says .
Misunderstanding conversations with us , Mr. Tomsho argued that Mr. Redford 's environmental views are at odds with Utah residents .
As the West German currency rose , so did Merkur prices .
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz .
Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank , and the Munich-based group said it intends to stay neutral .
Typically , he will be billed only several weeks after the expenditure , and then has another couple of weeks before he has to pay the bill .
Some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter was n't signed by Mr. Skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat .
In a separate complaint also filed in federal court here , shareholder Max Grill of New York charged Imperial , its top executives and directors with breach of fiduciary duty and squandering the company 's assets .
In a startling turnabout , Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them .
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas .
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February .
Salomon , moreover , gets its data on art appreciation from Sotheby 's , whose prices go up with clients like Mr. Paul in its thrall .
Convertible mortgages have become an increasingly popular way to finance prestigious buildings of late .
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out , then later sold Storer 's cable operations at a fat profit .
Sales were $ 730.1 million , up 7 % from $ 679.5 million .
UAL Chairman Stephen M. Wolf , who is leading the management end of the buy-out , has n't provided investors with any assurances about the prospect of a new deal .
Judge Hastings , who was acquitted of similar charges by a federal jury in 1983 , claims he is being victimized and that the impeachment proceedings against him constitute double jeopardy .
Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986 .
Nevertheless , the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case .
Our mammalian forerunners lucked out through the extraterrestrial impact that did in the dinosaurs because they were small , not smart .
A ministry official said the growth leads to the conclusion the adverse effects of a consumption tax introduced in April have diminished .
In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million .
But the bill was passed without debate in the Diet , in the absence of the opposition .
The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward .
The New York arm of the London-based auction house auctioned off the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell 's Soup Co. heir , for $ 131 million last week , a record for a single-owner art collection .
Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama .
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements .
A new specialty court was sought by patent experts , who believed that the generalists had botched too many important , multimillion-dollar cases .
Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations .
Upping the ante could slow economic development even further , as countries delay market-opening steps in anticipation of richer multilateral support .
The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat , that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did .
Mr. Nogales , former president of United Press International and the Univision Spanish-language network , most recently co-founded Nogales Castro Partners , a California-based media acquisition firm .
The filing said the group continues to hold 3,481,887 remaining shares .
No , we are not overreacting .
Sundays , Nov. 5-12 , 9-10:30 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Glory Enough for All . ''
He heads Litigation Sciences Inc. , the nation 's largest legal consulting firm , which is helping corporate America prepare for high-stakes litigation by predicting and shaping jurors ' reactions .
Pro forma earnings for fiscal 1988 were $ 19.6 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 97.2 million .
For his part , Jerry Jones says he 's in the business for the long haul , and his work style seems to support that .
The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS , while Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS .
He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars .
However , it said examiners found a variety of insider dealings at the thrift , including `` extraordinary loan commissions '' paid to a firm associated with Vision Banc officials , and loans diverted through borrowers back to the thrift officials .
Back when the Burgess fauna were flourishing , it seems , human evolutionary hopes hung on the survival of a little worm with a backbone called Pikaia .
`` That was the first time they lost and I won , '' he says .
COMPUTER chips that simulate human vision have been developed by Japan 's Sharp Corp .
So far , instead of teaming up , GE Capital staffers and Kidder investment bankers have bickered .
Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank .
The size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 250 million ( redemption amount ) .
The state gave CenTrust 30 days to sell the Rubens .
JAILED AFRICAN-AMERICAN activist wins a battle against the
The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities , and brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion and its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 .
TV reporters interviewed fans in the parking lots while , a few feet away , others watched the interviews on their portable TVs .
Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting , but most ended below their peaks .
Friday 's Market Activity
In keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today , businessmen are dabbling in English and Italian suits that are conservative but not stodgy .
Mr. Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon in April 1988 .
But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough .
Amcast previously had said it planned to repurchase shares , but did n't disclose when or how many shares it intended to buy back .
A few months ago , Dentsu acquired 69 % of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars ( US$ 4.6 million ) .
The exchange argues that the product , which the SEC temporarily approved yesterday , will help ease rather than worsen any volatility in the stock market .
The accord with MIPS calls for Control Data to share its expertise in data storage , the companies said .
Japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during Monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said .
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez .
Of that amount , $ 20 billion has already been borrowed by the Treasury Department .
When ad dollars are tight , the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers , who generally want to appear regularly in a publication or not at all .
Beyond that , Prospect said it would n't offer to acquire additional shares for less than $ 11.25 a share during the next year or less than $ 14.06 a share during the subsequent two years .
The new rules will allow investors to buy foreign stocks directly .
A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the `` core capital '' criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 .
To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking , this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional Republicans to pay less attention to narrow constituent concerns .
Rather , lines would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies .
Shaving away some of the gain in that unit was a decline in U.S. oil production to 502,000 barrels of oil a day during the quarter from 527,000 barrels a day last year .
A big solitary bear .
United Illuminating 's plan , however , offers more for unsecured creditors .
Mr. Bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism .
A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both Digital and IBM systems .
He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer .
And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup-makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters .
There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players and a low-level female university employee .
Qintex Ltd. shares sank to A$ 1.50 yesterday from A$ 3.05 Friday .
The picture , to be made in the Central American country of San Elvador , is a cover for sending $ 800 million of arms to Los Otros , the rebel group attempting to regain neighboring Ambigua , which has been taken over by the leftist dictator Dr. Overtega , a former podiatrist , who leads a revolutionary band of foot soldiers .
Hewlett-Packard will charge $ 5,000 for a license covering 10 users .
It includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and undeveloped land .
So far , though , Mr. Lesko has received only one entry .
Some analysts said the restructuring of the railroad concern 's issue shows how tough it is for underwriters to sell even the junk bonds of a company considered to be a relatively good credit risk .
President de Klerk 's government permitted the rally , and security forces did n't interfere .
Accordingly , the hidebound traditionalist reconstructed hypothetical organisms from the Burgess fossils in such a way that they could be shoehorned into familiar categories .
No doubt he believes the place can be salvaged .
Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit .
AB Volvo invites passers-by to play `` the role of the test dummy '' by hopping in a car that simulates a crash to show just how its seat-belt tightener works .
As part of a previously announced transaction , Federal Mogul Corp. has bought approximately 565,000 shares of its common stock from Nortek Inc. at $ 23.50 a share .
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday .
USI Far East will hold a 60 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical , according to papers signed with the Philippine government 's Board of Investments .
Spooked investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares .
Mr. Malpass directs the Republican staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress .
`` We know that Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , '' Fiat said .
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over .
It was all too mellow to be believed , but they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins 's signature tune , `` Amazing Grace , '' and ask for audience participation .
`` We 're making a fairly obvious plea for some emotional reaction , '' says Tom Rost , creative director at Ogilvy & Mather .
They promised yet more for really good stuff .
Now , I revel in the freedom , culture , activity and diversity of this great metropolitan area with its traffic jams and perpetual road-building projects .
Levi Strauss Associates Inc. , the closely held owner of Levi Strauss & Co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 128.6 million from $ 31.3 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 69.8 million gain from the sale of stock in a Japanese subsidiary .
CoreStates Financial slipped 3\/8 to 43 1\/8 in active trading after reporting that third-quarter earnings improved to $ 1.27 a share from $ 1.15 a share a year earlier .
They wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison ( R. , Ohio ) .
There are drawbacks .
Your story is an insult to the citizens of the Mississippi Delta .
Two of the last gestures of the Honecker regime were to close the border to Czechoslovakia and install halogen lights in some spots along the frontier .
McDonald 's Mr. Millis said Goodyear appeared to have held or gained some market share in the U.S. for the first time since the second quarter of 1988 .
The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid .
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office .
Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , American Cyanamid Co. , signed a non-binding letter of intent for the acquisition of Applied Solar by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million .
Jonathan H. Kress , the son of the painting 's former owner , Mrs. Rush Kress , dismisses the price talk as `` sour grapes . ''
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity ( Pacific ) Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares .
Six top executives at the New York-based company sold shares in August and September .
Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold and gloomy , and they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins .
In real life , jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to .
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount .
The September index fueled speculation , damaging to the dollar , that the Federal Reserve soon will ease monetary policy further .
Nor does it cover the entire portfolio .
`` It 's not a crop that ca n't be doubled or tripled , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy .
Mr. Katz advocates issues with low price-earnings ratios -- that is , low prices in relation to the company 's earnings per share .
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake 's actual duration .
Fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market .
Brokerage firms as a rule do n't comment on their market activity .
Under the plan , NRM said holders of its common units will receive one share of new common stock in Edisto Resources Corp. for every 14.97 common units owned .
`` We hope to sensitize employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , Dr. Warshaw said .
Afterward , Mr. Paul is said by Mr. Guterman to have phoned Mr. Guterman , the New York developer selling the collection , and gloated .
The satellite , built by Hughes for the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization , is part of a $ 700 million contract awarded to Hughes in 1982 to develop five of the three-ton satellites .
For example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 4 % in some cases .
Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe .
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry .
'' Folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids .
Payment by Allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help swell the French concern 's treasury to an estimated 11 billion francs .
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out .
To avoid a runoff , one candidate would have to win 50 % of the vote -- a feat that most analysts consider impossible with so many candidates running .
Business : Tax Preparation
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- `` Parental involvement '' is a bad idea .
Curiously , Randall Arney as Teddy seems the only cast member unable to get beyond the zombie approach to a Pinter character .
But the appropriations set in motion spending that adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 1991 .
a - Monthly construction contract values are reported on an annualized , seasonally adjusted basis .
Meanwhile , Sotheby 's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world .
It will reduce spending in a very effective fashion . ''
Within 25 years Jews will probably be the minority .
Mr. Renzas , among others , said the quake will prod companies in certain industries , like semiconductors , computers and aerospace , to consider moving operations that involve particularly sensitive machinery to locations outside California .
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled .
In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a `` standard discount-retailing practice '' of negotiating individual deals with customers .
Another analyst noted that Cuba has been deferring shipments in recent years .
Municipal bonds ended about 1\/8 to 3\/8 point lower , hurt by the circulation of two `` bid-wanted '' lists totaling $ 655 million .
Skoal Daze
Source : Morgan Stanley Capital Intl .
`` It also means if you have a real drop-off in orders , production will likely fall off very quickly because there is less to keep things going . ''
For those with no holdings , the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer .
Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter .
With all this , even the most wary oil men agree something has changed .
Interest rate 8.07 %
Also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the Vietnam War , the '68 Democratic convention , assassinations and riots .
But Sony is a problem . ''
Another recent Hitachi suit accuses Motorola of reverse engineering a Hitachi technology -- a turnabout from a nation of champion reverse engineers .
Meanwhile , the man Mr. Krenz replaces has left an indelible mark on East German society .
Triad Solutions says software producers had each invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs that now have no use .
Robertson , Stephens & Co. , a San Francisco investment banking concern , has a client that looked forward to making its initial public offering yesterday .
Moody 's Investors Service said it lowered its rating on about $ 75 million of this Chatsworth , Calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 2012 , to Caa from B2 .
Mitsubishi built the government 's dream development , the story goes , in exchange for the official decision to locate Tokyo 's central railway station there .
Without any admission or denial of guilt by Mr. Holmes , that agreement settled SEC charges that Mr. Holmes sold unregistered securities and misled investors .
One handout promises : `` Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry . ''
Appalachian Power Co. , a subsidiary of American Electric Power Co. , said it will redeem on Dec. 1 the entire $ 44.2 million of its 12 7\/8 % first mortgage bonds due 2013 .
This bias is in no way deliberate .
The government is actually protecting avaricious ice-baggers and other profiteers who can not see beyond their own short-term gain .
Analysts said the results were as expected , but several added that the earnings masked underlying weaknesses in several businesses .
In the meantime , the landowners continue receiving generous subsidies that began during New Deal days .
The New York suit was filed on behalf of Justice Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end , and all other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination .
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing .
`` An unknown quantity to most of the art world , Paul is no stranger to lavish spending , '' the magazine said , noting that he does n't stop at paint on canvas but also spends big on art you can eat .
He declines to go into specifics .
CAE said the fixed price for the first of the AH-64 Apache combat mission simulators is C$ 19 million .
Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network .
`` And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today . ''
Like other large Valley companies , Intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a breakdown at one location should n't leave customers in a total pinch .
So , according to a Dun & Bradstreet Corp. survey , companies that had been refusing to spend even their very conservative budgets may loosen up before year end .
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
In one garden roomette she implanted a 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a plaid tile floor conceit , a `` zinc sink , '' a `` huge fishbowl with carp '' and a `` birdcage with cockatoos . ''
Mr. Sawyer began running the company on an interim basis in late September .
For example , the Small Business Administration has had reasonable success in reducing both guarantee rates and default rates in its Preferred Lenders ' Program .
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries .
A year ago , the company completely revamped its near-luxury sedan , the $ 17,699 Maxima , which competes against a broad range of upscale sedans ; it replaced its boxy , pug-nosed body with sleek , aerodynamic lines .
And in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can plow their profits back into plant and equipment .
And when Mr. Kasparov strode into the playing hall , he called the outcome .
The latest third-quarter volume also compares with a very strong 10 % growth in the year-ago quarter .
An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in Sen. Cranston and the four others , Sens. Dennis DeConcini ( D. , Ariz. ) , John McCain ( R. , Ariz. ) , John Glenn ( D. , Ohio ) and Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich . ) .
Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer , a researcher in Great Britain , are close to finding another gene involved with some types of colon cancer , thought to be on chromosome 5 .
We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change .
In 1985 , the Medical Tribune reported that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation .
Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying .
`` We expect additional offerings '' of asset-backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says Bill Addiss , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion .
They closed Friday at $ 53.25 , down 50 cents on the day .
He pampers them ; he invites them to fabulous parties ; he strokes them .
Shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries .
`` Anyone telling you to buy stocks in this market is technically irresponsible .
Generally , it takes five business days to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade .
Net Income : $ 66.9 million ; $ 1.36 a share \*\*
`` But one gets fed up with importing information and news . ''
Philip Morris Cos. , whose Benson & Hedges cigarette brand has been losing market share , has asked at least one other agency to try its hand at creative work for the big account , which has been at Wells Rich Greene Inc. since 1966 .
They make the argument in letters to the agency about rule changes proposed this past summer that , among other things , would exempt many middle-management executives from reporting trades in their own companies ' shares .
`` Japan 's markets are more stable , '' he said .
In addition to the $ 15.6 billion of Treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular Monday auction , the government will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year Treasury notes .
Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator .
Profit at Sears 's Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group nearly quadrupled to $ 81.2 million because of gains on sales of property .
`` You 're in the catbird seat every day in this job , '' he says .
Most yields on short-term jumbo CDs , those with denominations over $ 90,000 , also moved in the opposite direction of Treasury bill yields .
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134,750,000 of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via competitive bid .
A private market like this just is n't big enough to absorb all that business .
The numbers show that `` we do n't have a monolithic economy , '' said Isaac Lagnado , council research director .
Double Check
Sun Microsystems Inc. said Prime Computer Inc. has agreed to resell as much as $ 200 million worth of Sun 's machines over the next two years .
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds .
The composite portrait that emerges is n't of a pampered jock marking time until he can land a seven-figure pro contract -- he 's part of a tiny minority .
`` In our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . ''
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor .
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear .
So it was n't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry .
Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired .
Arbitragers were n't the only big losers in the collapse of UAL Corp. stock .
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees .
The Sago has become a popular accent in tony new housing tracts , apparently giving the rustlers a ready market for their filched fronds .
Mr. Levin , former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his November column for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association .
`` The system , '' says Nicholas Samengo-Turner , a Lloyd 's broker who left the exchange in 1985 , `` is so ludicrously unprofessional it drives you mad . ''
Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle .
Moreover , the process is n't without its headaches .
Prepayments , much like mutual-fund purchases , are pooled for investment .
As a `` good-will measure , '' the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly UAL 's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft .
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market .
`` Until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , '' said Mark Steinkrauss , Digital 's director of investor relations .
He had just resigned , at least in part because of a feud with Assistant Secretary of State Bernard Aronson over the administration 's policy on Panama and support for Nicaragua 's Contra rebels .
Environmental lawyers say virtually all of the Superfund cases to date have involved civil penalties designed to insure cleanup of past polluting activities .
The pilots could play hardball by noting they are crucial to any sale or restructuring because they can refuse to fly the airplanes .
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes .
It said about half are in California , with the rest scattered across the country .
Such animosity could prove pivotal in the union vote .
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.02 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.90 yen .
`` It was an overreaction to an event { the failure of a management and union group to get bank financing for a takeover of UAL } that does n't mean that much to lots of stocks . ''
That index , which contains technology companies with annual revenues of $ 200 million or less , gained 17.97 % by Sept. 30 this year -- still lagging the S&P 500 , but leading larger technology firms .
Those portfolios are remarkably diversified .
It 's focused on streamlining '' PWA 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs , the analyst said .
Mr. Wertheimer , 38 years old , had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking .
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said .
They do n't flinch at writing them .
`` This is one thing I was never aware of , '' he says .
Perhaps Mr. Kleiber could let him substitute one of the songs about dead children and dark nights from Mahler 's `` Kindertotenlieder . ''
Industry executives say that although the two executives used to clash more frequently , the WPP takeover brought them closer together .
Both the Big Board 's Exchange Stock Portfolio and the Chicago exchange 's Market Basket are designed for institutional investors .
Cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 6.1 % to $ 333.3 million from $ 314 million the year before .
On the Toronto Stock Exchange , Cineplex closed at C$ 12.875 , off 37.5 Canadian cents , well below the C$ 16.40 level .
These two New Crowd families lived in the same apartment building , with the Postel penthouse perched on top of the Gutfreund duplex .
The Nobel Prize in literature was won by Camilo Jose Cela , a Spanish writer .
In one , the lawyer for a 20-year-old resident of Columbia , Mo. , who was charged with drunk driving , argued that his client should be treated as a 21-year-old adult because his actual age should be calculated from conception , not from birth .
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s .
In the diversifed businesses segment , which includes herbicides , profit grew to $ 64 million from $ 27 million .
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big-name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture .
The company , Mr. Renzas said , has n't yet determined what to do .
The ritzy world of department-store cosmetics retailing , where Unilever is concentrating its efforts , may prove even more treacherous .
Beyond that , many big oil , chemical and airline companies are siphoning off big chunks of the market by insuring themselves through `` captive '' offshore companies for industry-specific coverage .
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well .
Perhaps he 'd have called for `` a decentralized political and economic system '' without a dominant communist party .
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co .
The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act , which provides that the owner or operator of a vessel involved in an oil spill must pay the first $ 14 million in damages .
If HDTV takes off in the U.S. , there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters , known in the industry as telecines .
Bank of Montreal said it added 850 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 725.8 million ) to its reserves against losses on Third World loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to C$ 1 billion .
And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time .
`` I thought the probabilities of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says .
`` It 's become a day-by-day business , '' he says .
`` But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's .
The yield on a group of 25 revenue bonds compiled by the Bond Buyer , a trade publication , now exceeds 7.50 % .
The company said the gains were tied to volume increases and higher prices .
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms .
Callable on March 31 , 1992 , at 109 , also beginning Sept. 30 , 1992 , from 101 1\/2 and declining half a point semiannually to par .
The battle focuses on the state 's certificate-of-need law , which regulates investment in new medical technology .
We need to get a space platform set up soon -- just in case we want to step out for a breath of fresh air .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
The center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily accessible in Poland now , for a growing number of Westerners doing business in Eastern Europe .
Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution .
As times get tougher , investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts .
B. Dan Pinick , president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics , will become president of the new group , which will become operational Jan. 2 .
In a recent General Accounting Office study , the Merc was found to have been the most lax in enforcing exchange rules .
It raised financing of 300 billion lire for the purchase this summer by another Agnelli-related group of the food concern Galbani S.p . A. , by selling a chunk of its IFI shares to Mediobanca S.p . A.
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Bank Building closed at $ 4 a share , down 62.5 cents .
The life-insurance holding company said the sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 32 million , or $ 3.09 a share , in the first quarter of
The Senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline .
Mr. Turner said the test will be shipped in 45 days to hospitals and clinical laboratories .
Belgium decided that investors who demand the delivery of their securities when they buy shares or domestic bonds will have to pay an additional 100 Belgian francs ( about $ 2.60 ) for each transaction , bringing the total fee to 200 francs .
For this , a crane needed to be mounted on the Postels ' terrace .
Fees 1 7\/8 .
LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained .
Ms. Raptopoulos thought yesterday 's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar .
The argument turns on the discovery in 1909 of an amazing fossil quarry high in the Canadian Rockies called the Burgess Shale .
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week .
The company said there was an additional increase in loss and loss-expense reserves of $ 71 million reflecting `` higher than expected '' development in claims legal expenses from to prior periods .
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft
Analysts peg the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the U.S. economy , highlighted by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp widening in the August U.S. trade gap .
But an uninvited guest is expected to try to crash the party .
`` They started , and then abandoned it . ''
`` You see these in just about every LBO , '' said Robert Willens , senior vice president in charge of tax issues at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in New York .
On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division .
A three-judge panel of the court in Cincinnati made the ruling Saturday .
Clifford Stahl , president and chief investment officer of C-S Capital Advisors Inc. , two weeks ago sold his Cincinnati firm 's 107,100 Jaguar ADRs at about 10 each , making a tidy profit on a holding purchased at 4 7\/8 in early May .
There 's even a special fare for clergy that does n't require the usual stay over Saturday night .
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years .
ALBERTA ENERGY Co. , Calgary , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares .
Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular .
Mr. Perry , who runs Unilever Group 's world-wide personal-care business , paused to scan the crowd .
And that means 42-year-old Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive since January , will for the first time take complete control of Kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans .
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m .
Individuals familiar with Mobil 's strategy say that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force because of declining U.S. output .
Computer and software companies in the region are expecting virtually no long-term disruption in shipments .
Indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways .
The bid for Great Northern , a notice of which appears in an advertisement in today 's Wall Street Journal , is the first big takeover offer since the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. Oct. 13 .
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a `` Flashdance , '' or buy rights to a best seller such as `` The Color Purple . ''
You do n't want to own anything long except gold stocks . ''
For the first nine months of the year , Caterpillar said earnings fell 14 % to $ 390 million , or $ 3.85 a share , from $ 453 million , or $ 4.46 a share , a year earlier .
But researchers say the drug , called FK-506 , could revolutionize the transplantation field by reducing harmful side effects and by lowering rejection rates .
In what has become a series of bad-news announcements , the world 's largest maker of supercomputers said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . ''
The dollar finished at its intraday highs .
In the nine months , net rose 35 % to $ 120.1 million , or $ 1.64 a share , from $ 89.2 million , or $ 1.22 a share , a year earlier .
In the end , neither policy was followed , and instead of learning anything we are left with a mystery .
If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly .
`` There is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go .
Excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million , or 73 cents a share .
But his case is notable both for the scale of the fight -- it is n't often that a congressional hearing is held to determine whether one small businessman is a threat to the republic -- and for what it tells about the pitfalls of marketing a new product .
The tougher new regulations under the savings-and-loan bailout law are accelerating the thrift industry 's shrinking act .
He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book .
`` If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . ''
Unless otherwise specified in a particular offer , the bonds wo n't be subject to redemption prior to maturity .
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement ( BIP ) , Dresdner Bank said .
Although they do n't contemplate delivering any disabling blows , he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability , just in case .
Per capita income , a widely used measure of a nation 's economic health , hit a record in 1988 , rising 1.7 % after inflation adjustment to $ 13,120 .
Percentage differences based on daily sales rate rather than sales volume .
Thus , the leverage has amplified the funds ' portfolio losses .
Advancing issues beat declining ones , 1,271 to 811 .
There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods .
Others say they feel confident that steps they 've already taken would see them through a disaster .
To hear most U.S. growers tell it , we 'd still be in Paradise if the serpent had proffered one to Eve .
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals .
But they said the quake will force some companies to relocate or expand part or all of their operations outside the state .
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases .
The National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , had its record-breaking 68-week reign as the prime-time ratings leader snapped yesterday by ABC-TV , a subsidiary of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc .
And has he truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ?
Convex Computer Corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies falter , reported an 87 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 50 % increase in revenue .
But some large insurers , such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , do n't purchase reinsurance , but fund their own program .
Some supporters of Israel say U.S. policy on Palestinian terrorism is colored by an intense desire to maintain the dialogue with the PLO .
Mr. Percival declined to comment .
The senators responded in kind .
Authorities at London 's Heathrow Airport are investigating the disappearance of a Paul Gauguin watercolor , `` Young Tahitian Woman in a Red Pareo , '' that has two sketches on its verso ( opposite ) side .
Unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 11 % in the international segment , with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan 's diaper and detergent markets .
State thrift examiner Eugene Stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner Steve Scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions .
Still , Britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation joins in the European Community 's plan to create a unified market by 1992 .
They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks .
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter .
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.80 yen , down from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.40 yen .
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it .
But the apple industry is ripe for change .
Mr. Secord 's performance was decidedly less inspiring .
New Jersey , for example , was asked to accept $ 300,000 , but refused .
Aside from exploring plans for joint ventures or acquisitions , Mr. Lippens has called top managers of companies rumored as potential raiders -- among them , Axa-Midi , Union des Assurances de Paris and Suez , all based in France .
The union sued the state in November 1985 , alleging that it intentionally segregated job classifications by sex and paid employees in predominantly female jobs less than males in comparable jobs .
The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.91 % and 7.96 % , respectively .
The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the `` premium , '' and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit .
Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said it may make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares .
So says the Commonwealth Fund , a New York philanthropist that 's sponsoring a $ 1 million project to develop joint masters in business and nursing programs at 10 universities ... .
Travel sales rose 11 % , led by gains in the U.S. .
Says one West German official : `` What 's necessary now is the process of democratization .
Chrysler Corp. estimates that health costs add $ 700 to the price of each of its cars , about $ 300 to $ 500 more per car than foreign competitors pay for health .
Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % from a year ago to 1,120,317 units because of a slip in exports , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said .
Under current rules , investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds issued by local and foreign investment trusts .
The Dearborn , Mich. , energy company stopped paying a dividend in the third quarter of 1984 because of troubles at its Midland nuclear plant .
GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar .
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .
Yet the Rothschilds do n't deny an emotional element to the decision .
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios .
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he would n't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year 's debate on the issue .
Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif .
What really stirs his muse , though , is aerobic architecture .
In addition , both administration and congressional officials said the need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a White House desire to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign .
In addition , the manufacturer said it signed a consent decree with Ohio to build a $ 1.4 million pollution-control facility at the Ashtabula chemical manufacturing plant by Aug. 1 , 1990 .
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan .
Losses at its Malapai Resources Co . uranium-mining unit narrowed to $ 3.4 million from $ 18 million a year ago , which included a $ 9 million write-down of utility inventories .
Smaller liquor companies , such as Brown-Forman Corp. and American Brands Inc. of the U.S. , also are likely to be interested .
Because Justice Rubin turned 76 on May 9 , he is n't eligible to be reappointed to the bench at the end of the year .
He cites IBM , which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares .
These efforts wind up creating a market where the price vastly exceeds the cost .
Slightly more , like Leslie Sherren , a law librarian in San Francisco who attends dance aerobics five times a week , exercise to relieve stress .
Revenue : $ 3.14 billion
Short interest in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks rose 6 % as of mid-October , its biggest jump since 6.3 % last April .
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month .
At Canon Inc. , for example , sales are up nearly 20 % this year ; so , the maker of cameras and computer printers is doing what any Japanese company would do under the circumstances : It is increasing capital spending -- by 60 % .
Seymour Schreibman , the 65-year-old owner of Schreibman Raphael Furs Inc. , treats the reverse side of a Persian lambskin to produce a reversible fur-and-leather garment .
Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged .
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first-time purchase of stakes in companies .
He also unfortunately illustrated this intricate , jazzy tapestry with Mr. Pearson 's images , this time of geometric or repeating objects , in a kitschy mirroring of the musical structure that was thoroughly distracting from Mr. Reich 's piece and Mr. Stoltzman 's elegant execution of it .
Instead , he said in an interview , he is looking for ways to exploit France 's network of 39,000 tobacco agents , most of them cafes .
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million ( $ 16.1 ) in revenue in the past 12 months .
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts added 3\/8 to 10 3\/4 on volume of 1.1 million .
The amount was n't disclosed .
It made my shoelaces dance with terror .
The shares represented 66 % of his Dun & Bradstreet holdings , according to the company .
Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously .
Visitors , whisked from the Strip on a moving walkway , will glide over a habitat for rare white tigers , which will star in performances by the famed illusionist team of Siegfried & Roy .
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time .
He called the battle `` uphill . ''
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks .
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision .
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients .
Stephen A. Wynn , who owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares , says the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors .
Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and put their hands above their tiny eyes and squinted at us .
The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman , former chief operating officer of Sharon , and Wolfgang Jansen , former executive vice president .
Peter Cawdron , group strategy development director , and Bill Shardlow , group personnel director , will become part of the board 's management committee .
Three new books make the point that one large price of the glittery college-sports show can be the integrity of the schools that stage it .
Occidental Petroleum
`` Obviously , we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market was n't so risky , '' says Bradford Cornell , professor of finance at University of California 's Anderson Graduate School of Management in Los Angeles .
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. announced a transaction that will strengthen its indirect control of Fiat S.p . A. and will admit Prince Karim Aga Khan as its first non-family shareholder .
Moreover , it will boost by 50 % USX 's current hot-dipped capacity of 1,275,000 tons .
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6 % ; at $ 11,450 , Stanza prices start $ 749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine .
Each time a new scandal hits , he says , `` it pulls the scabs off your knees . ''
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Homestake closed at $ 15.25 , down 25 cents .
Avery , which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss , said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies .
Fastenal Co. , proposed offering of 400,000 common shares by holders , via Robert W. Baird & Co. and William Blair & Co .
Thus , a court is poorly positioned to make judgments about the social utility of the expanded rule .
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools .
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said .
If `` Mancuso FBI '' has an intriguing central character , it also has a major flaw :
The company received shareholder approval for its restructuring plan , designed to fend off a hostile takeover bid from a group headed by financier Sir James Goldsmith .
In Tokyo Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.70 yen , down from Friday 's Tokyo close of 142.75 yen .
The fund 's cash position is now about 22 % , which Mr. Bacarella calls `` still bearish . ''
Even though the Big Board says its product represents a post-crash `` reform , '' some traders suggest that if the new basket had been trading during this month 's Friday the 13th market plunge , the Dow Jones Industrial Average might have dropped more than the 190 points it did .
Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders .
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants .
When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 21 million to $ 22 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost .
The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor .
Abbie Hoffman in this case is to be played by Hollywood actor Paul Lieber , who is n't new to the character .
Traders expect the bonds to yield about 0.60 to 0.65 percentage point above the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which ended Tuesday with a yield of about 7.90 % .
-- Lee Wakeman , vice president in charge of options research who discovered the valuation errors and was asked by senior management to straighten out the mess , resigned to take a position in asset and liability management at Continental Bank in Chicago .
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures .
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires .
The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus and a lid on expenses .
And the total amount of junk financing will be reduced .
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .
Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul .
In his statement , Mr. Skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest , tax and depreciation `` will exceed A$ 170 million . ''
Mexico , with its desperate need for investment , and Japan , with its huge budget surplus , would seem like a perfect match .
An added feature is that the slighty improved return would be guaranteed by Prudential .
Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance .
Additional cable partners could boost subscribers even further .
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins .
Shares of Varian , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 22.75 , down 62.5 cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice , a public-interest group leading the charge for radical reform , wants restrictions on landholdings , high taxation of capital gains , and drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based .
In Europe , business suffered as Federal bought several local companies , only to have the managers quit .
Pension funds rarely own as much as a 20 % stake in what is expected to be a publicly traded company .
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests .
About 60 % of them said they would `` ordinarily '' have at least 25 % of their money in stocks .
Could n't we save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves ?
Economists and administrators sit along a `` boulevard '' with street lamps and ficus trees .
Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5 % this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year 's 4.1 % rise .
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion .
Payment will begin `` as soon as Oct. 25 , '' the company said .
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative .
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students .
Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart .
Craig Torres contributed to this article .
Air-traffic problems , though often quite grim , This time of year leave us in stitches , When we notice around our airport A holding pattern for witches .
`` This game is n't over yet , '' said Joel D. Gross , a vice president at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration is increased to $ 124,875 during fiscal 1990 .
Seiko Epson Corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year .
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
But in the `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act .
On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years .
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar , with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45 % .
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .
Above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea the inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat .
The scene opens with pinstripe-suited executives -- Easterners , obviously -- glued to cellular phones and hightailing it out of town in chauffeur-driven limousines .
The American Iron and Steel Institute reported : The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week .
Valley National 's slide of 5 3\/4 points to 18 1\/2 on 4.2 million shares followed its report late Wednesday of a $ 72.2 million third-quarter loss .
Donald J. Amaral , 37 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , nursing centers and retirement hotels .
`` It 's a shocker , '' said Joseph Di Lillo , chairman of Drake Capital Securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment in Qintex Entertainment .
In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency .
Still , any change in East Germany has enormous implications , for both East and West .
Securities analysts , many of whom scrapped their buy recommendations after seeing Cathay 's interim figures , believe more jolts lie ahead .
Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec .
Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy .
Twenty-five trucks capable of cooking food were dispatched from other states .
Copyright specialist Neil Boorstyn , who writes the monthly Copyright Law Journal newsletter , is joining McCutchen , Doyle , Brown & Enersen .
Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans .
The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return .
It 's 1956 , the year the Suez crisis marked the final end of Empire .
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal .
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country .
After coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against Ivan F. Boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are approaching an accord , people familiar with the case said .
Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 100 million , and as much as $ 120 million , to obtain the collection , people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold .
The White House used television appearances and leaks to argue that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult .
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Nov. 24 , 1989 , through Oct. 29 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 .
He says the economy , and especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected ; interest rates have generally declined ; inflation has n't run amok .
The Soviets ' eavesdropping paid off , however , because they got the contract .
The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding .
He became angry in return .
The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors and certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India .
Heiwa Real Estate gained 40 to 2210 .
The switch to the London market during such turbulent times is significant .
Chrysler Corp. also hit the rocks in mid-October .
Employers foot the bill , he says , figuring what 's good for the couple is good for the company .
Under what weights will the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation totter ?
The 61-year-old Mr. Guzman Cabrera takes such criticisms in stride .
The German stock index tumbled 26.29 to end at
In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings , he has acquired 600 items , he says , enough to persuade him to start a museum next year .
Insurance stocks continued to climb on expectations that premium rates will rise in the aftermath of the earthquake in the San Francisco area .
The Flamingo Hilton , Imperial Palace , Frontier and others are pouring millions of dollars into facelifts , new room towers and casino floor space just to keep up .
Management advised employees Friday that it was going to reduce employment in production operations of the group by 8 % , or 400 people .
Separately , AT&T filed a countersuit against MCI accusing it of misleading consumers through allegedly `` false and deceptive '' advertising .
Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock .
Atlantis lifted Galileo from the launch pad at 12:54 p.m. EDT and released the craft from its cargo bay about six hours later .
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . ''
It is the very lack of obvious drama or spectacle that sets the beauty of our land apart .
Terms for the venture , which would be jointly owned by both companies , were n't disclosed .
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize .
The association issued an advisory to its 1,685 member agencies following a report from the Foreign Ministry that picture-taking by Japanese tourists in earthquake-stricken areas was causing ill feeling among local residents ... .
The $ 29.7 million net loss compares with net income of $ 19.6 million , or 57 cents a share , a year earlier .
`` It does n't replace pitching in the majors , but it proves to me that I would have been able to play if I 'd stayed healthy , '' he says .
But British Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions .
Price wars between the fast-food giants are starting to clobber the fast-food little guys : the franchisees .
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change .
Markets --
The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity .
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs .
HRH :
And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance .
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will .
Hospital Regulation Sparks Kentucky Feud
Barry F. Willman , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , estimates the 9000 could boost sales by more than $ 1 billion in the fiscal year beginning in July .
Yesterday , Delmed said it `` continues to explore the possibility of a combination with Fresenius USA . ''
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding .
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
International soft-drink volume was up about 6 % .
Last month its president , John S. Donnelly , resigned citing `` management differences '' with Mr. Kurzweil .
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 .
`` Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . ''
People have been very respectful of each other .
Separately , the casino operator said its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions .
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful '' increase in operating profit by Colgate 's U.S. business , Mr. Mark said .
Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions .
Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity , the lowest rate in more than a year and down from 84.1 % in September .
FileNet Corp. , Costa Mesa , Calif. , said it expects to report a third-quarter loss of about $ 1.8 million , or 17 cents a share , because of a $ 2.5 million reserve to be taken against potential losses on a contract with the state of California .
Collectors do n't say `` It 's a van Gogh '' anymore , laments Harry Brooks , the president of Wildenstein & Co. , a New York gallery .
But Mr. Rey brought about a merger in the next few years between the country 's major producers ; the increased efficiency has perked up the industry .
NEWSPAPERS :
Mr. Boyd is of the directorial school that believes one must find modern parallels or metaphors to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences .
Previously , no OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling .
Fox attracts a young audience with shows such as `` Married ... With Children , '' its most successful series .
The stock traded as high as $ 10 this past summer .
Last week , `` Murphy Brown '' was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for `` Teddy Z '' and rose to 14.2 % for `` Designing Women . ''
Like his predecessor , David Ruder , he was faced with a crisis in the stock markets soon after coming into office .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Mr. Andersson insists that Trelleborg and Noranda have n't discussed a Falconbridge break-up .
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents .
A Rake 's Progress Means Branching Out
AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake .
The office also said Mrs. Marcos and her husband were n't brought to the U.S. against their will after Mr. Marcos was ousted as president .
Although `` it 's still difficult to raise money for a pure wildcat program , '' says William Thomas , a Texas Commerce Bank official in Houston , `` institutions are starting to see there are cycles to these things , and this one is beginning to turn . ''
Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard , another branch of the USDA , the Agricultural Marketing Service , was in charge of eggs .
A.G. Edwards & Sons runs training classes and looks for experienced brokers .
Public-works and utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September , but the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier .
The AFL-CIO also embraces treatment guidelines .
One of the commission 's recommendations was that a single agency , probably the Federal Reserve , should coordinate regulation of all financial markets .
When Chicago futures prices jump up or down , the New York Stock Exchange follows .
According to Baker Hughes Inc. , 992 rotary rigs were at work in the U.S. last week , up from the year-ago count of 933 .
Sen. Alan Dixon ( D , Ill. ) , chairman of the subcommittee on consumer and regulatory affairs , said , `` I 'm not a statistician .
But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it .
Dollar : 141.70 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0015 .
Northrop , which since early 1988 has declined to accept fixed-price contracts for research and development , said earnings were hurt by excessive costs on a number of such contracts won years ago .
Mr. Lorin then repeated the threat , and Mr. Aslanian urged him not to say such things .
Some couples continue to try .
Please contribute what you can , '' the ad said .
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million .
Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe .
However , individuals close to the company insist shuttering the insurance division , a sideline from the company 's core property management business , is n't the beginning of a sale of assets .
There 's a memorable passage in which Mr. Shields , having finally learned of the practice , expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor ( and now the governor of Texas ! ) and oil man Edwin Cox , chairman of the board of trustees .
A few years ago , Mobil restructured the entire company during an industrywide shakeout .
A little more care in re-creating Marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable .
The DAX index closed at 1466.29 , up only 3.36 .
`` I 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp. , '' said Michael Schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at Oppenheimer & Co .
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan .
My relationships with the British are totally different .
THE SALES PITCH could n't sound better .
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says .
On the other hand , Valley National tumbled 24 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss .
UAL management was to pay $ 15 million for 10 % , and British Air was to receive a 15 % stake .
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense .
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear .
Conservatives note that 43 governors have the line-item veto to use on state budgets .
Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head .
Power of Suggestion Stronger in Japan
Much of the money was switched into the firm 's money market funds .
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation .
With prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices .
`` The culture is not ready to take off its clothes , lie down and be touched for an hour for $ 45 , '' he says .
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia .
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 .
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps .
Turnover remained relatively small .
The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is `` the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital . ''
Paribas said Lonrho will participate in the forthcoming capital boost for Societe Commerciale .
It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31 .
As for junk-holders , they 're discovering it can be a mistake to take the other side of a trade by KKR .
The fund 's strategy is to sell when a stock appreciates 30 % over its cost .
Rockefeller may well have found its match in Mitsubishi Estate , a company of long history , strong government ties and sound resources .
By summer , an independent reform movement was saying out loud what it had only whispered before .
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .
He earlier denied the allegations against him in the lawsuit by Norton and GE .
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million .
I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza .
He said he expects IBM to unveil similar strategies for other industries in coming months .
It counts among its customers a majority of the world 's largest corporations , which entrust their most critical business information to IBM computers .
It has a long shelf life and `` does n't fool the public , '' says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them .
During that time , Control Data had losses of more than $ 1 billion .
Some analysts predict that disappointment in Mr. Gandhi 's spent pledge to reduce corruption and heavy-handed local government will crest at the polls .
His brother , Parkhaji , whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban , nods vigorous assent .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 .
Construction is set to begin in early 1991 .
A spokesman for Southern Co. would say only that discussions are continuing between Gulf Power and federal prosecutors .
So key , in fact , that Mr. Jones signed him in April for $ 11.4 million over the next six years -- a record for a rookie .
Shvartzer is a derogatory Yiddish word for a black person .
The company said it had a net loss in its fourth quarter ended June 30 of $ 36.2 million , or $ 9.33 a share , on revenue of $ 13.1 million .
Even with its striking views of the New York harbor , the building is considered antiquated by modern office standards .
Asian portion of $ 100 million via Yamatane Securities Europe Ltd .
The two executives are among a number of outsiders recruited by Reebok in the past few years to help it make the transition from a small start-up company to a marketing giant with sales last year of $ 1.79 billion .
Private dressmaking , for example , is allowed in 10 Soviet republics but banned by five ; shoemaking is allowed in seven but illegal in nine .
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation .
That 's the path of reasoning leading to growth stocks .
It is unrelated to the much-publicized virus that last year infected Arpanet , a much larger network used by researchers at universities , laboratories and government agencies around the world .
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 .
Short interest in First Executive , an insurance issue , rose 55 % to 3.8 million .
Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million .
The office of foreign investment has authorized some $ 1.78 billion worth of investment proposals , said Edwin Perozo , superintendent of foreign investment .
Yesterday , Quebecor Inc. , a Montreal printing , publishing and forest-products company 53%-owned by Mr. Peladeau , agreed to acquire Maxwell Communication Corp. 's U.S. printing subsidiary , Maxwell Graphics Inc. , for $ 500 million in cash and securities .
The building 's 25 courtrooms will be smaller , says Charlene Saunders , a court administrator .
The two sides are also discussing certain business ventures involving cable rights to Columbia 's movies .
Charles Daggs , chairman and chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there .
The New Zealand brewing and retail concern did n't disclose terms .
a - Ex-dividend .
So developers are saying they will look into distressed properties .
The planned turbogenerator plant is expected to go into operation in 1994 .
He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan .
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .
The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways .
The Lone Star is on the rise again . ''
Mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily .
In contrast , credit programs can be appropriate tools to improve the operation of capital markets .
The issue is far-reaching .
By some estimates , several grain companies combined bought contracts for the possession of roughly one million metric tons of corn .
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers .
Since the beginning of the year , the stock has nearly doubled , giving AG a market value of about 105 billion Belgian francs ( $ 2.7 billion ) .
The construction industry is sure to feel increased demand .
Next month , Seagate Technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers .
When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash .
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
Suntory distributes Brown-Forman bourbons in Japan .
The group has n't forecast full-year earnings for 1989 , although it said that its first-half results are n't a good indication because of one-time elements and the seasonal nature of its operations .
According to the Value Line Investment Survey , demand for Nekoosa 's commodity paper has weakened , prompting earnings to decline by 6.6 % in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Grains And Soybeans
Analysts in London believe investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares , this newspaper 's Heard on the Street column said yesterday .
Flexible Portfolio Funds
Stone Container Chairman Roger Stone said that , unlike for some other paper products , demand for Stone 's principal commodity , unbleached containerboard , remains strong .
The report suggested that current review programs are too narrow .
Notes , which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics , allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail .
-- Taxes of between 15 % and 50 % a year on `` excessive '' profits from the resale of property , or the sale of idle land to the government .
Meanwhile , the broad-based Financial Times 100-share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session .
The place costs nearly $ 2 million a year to maintain .
Mr. Bush would be acting in the public interest if he let the Washington elites who manipulate these budgets -- the bureaucrats , the lobbyists , the congressional staffers -- live for just one year on a restricted diet .
The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating , and walls will be painted in bright colors and covered with murals .
With a market order , an investor tells a broker to buy or sell `` at the market . ''
Hand-holding is becoming an investment-banking job requirement .
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones .
Non-executive directors of Qintex Australia , who must approve payments to the senior executives , balked at the amount .
Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : `` 1,430 pounds of ammunition , '' he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on `` unidentified aircraft , '' flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet .
NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , has n't decided on a permanent replacement for the canceled series .
RMI Titanium Co. -- 15 million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc .
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said .
Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm .
Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem , however .
ESB spurned Inco and within five days ESB had a `` white knight '' as United Aircraft -- headed by Harry Gray , a shrewdly friendly acquirer of companies -- offered $ 34 a share .
The Secaucus , N.J. , company has formed a joint venture with a distributor called La Lecheria to market a higher-fat milk targeted at Hispanic consumers .
In a matter of minutes , she was back , with a tall , silver-haired man in tow .
`` I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating . ''
He sits down at the piano and plays .
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as `` What is a tank ? ''
The stock , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 51.75 , up 62.5 cents , well below the $ 56.13 to $ 60 a share the insiders received for their shares .
Paris loved her at first sight .
They focused on chromosome 17 .
Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market-by-market basis .
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle .
Trading was active .
Unknown to Mr. Tharp , he had fouled his net on a special IRS project to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes .
But there may be less there than meets the eye .
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others .
`` I happen to think it was right , '' Mr. Bush said flatly .
But when Betsy Engelken wrote him , saying she could stop near his New Jersey home , it seemed different .
( True , the Mexican government has granted `` control '' over the airline to a new private consortium , but its propensity to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be sanguine . )
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement .
Mr. Meador had been executive vice president of Balcor .
At the other end of the spectrum , West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 and 2.75 % in 1990 .
Ford Motor said it raised its stake in the British car maker to 12.45 % of the ordinary shares outstanding .
A fund manager at a life-insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction .
And Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say their systems are still under development .
Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies , which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices .
The share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings .
But the Rockefeller investment is its largest .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug .
The bill would authorize courts to order the licenses as a condition of probation .
The trade and CBI reports refocused attention on high interest rates and corporate profitability and helped rekindle underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the U.K. , dealers said .
Texaco
As a result , the official said , they may be forced into a no-win situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later .
That 's a good sign when profits are stable during a time revenue is in the trough .
Scandinavian Airlines System ( Sweden ) -- 100 million Swiss francs of 6 1\/8 % bonds due Nov. 24 , 1999 , priced at 100 3\/4 to yield 6.03 % , via Union Bank of Switzerland .
While the book amply justifies its subtitle , the title itself is dubious .
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week .
Regarding your Oct. 4 page-one article `` Bad Blood '' on the generic-drug battle : The Epilepsy Institute is not just a patient-advocacy organization .
SAMURAI :
The U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said Mrs. Marcos was making the `` fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim that she was kidnapped into this country '' in order to obtain classified material in the case .
But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets .
The Tax Court is n't expected to rule before early next year .
A year earlier , the refiner earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share .
Thomson Corp. 's Globe & Mail newspaper in November will begin transmitting an experimental edition to selected subscribers ' facsimile machines .
In another compartment called the Linden Bosque , 62 linden trees were to be crowded together at killing intervals of 10 or 16 feet .
And if you are caught or if people complain , simply argue that `` everyone does it '' or `` no one said I should n't '' and brazen it out .
Moreover , surely someone has noticed that household refrigerators are closed systems , running for many years without either the CFC gas or the insulation ever escaping .
The summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin .
NASA awarded the contract to CSC in November but an appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals .
This could be the first major bankruptcy-law proceeding for KKR , he adds .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share .
But , they say , people should n't try to be traders , who buy and sell in an effort to ride the latest economic trend or catch the next hot stock .
Such concrete analysis is likely to lead to more fruitful dialogue between management and shareholders than the abstract debate about poison pills .
`` But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . ''
The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists , and officials say many are likely to be scaled back or dropped .
A major Tokyo newspaper reported that a Japanese department store concern is planning to offer about $ 1.3 billion to buy Bloomingdale 's .
At the same time , there appears to be a market for news-oriented programming ; Turner Broadcasting System Inc. 's Cable News Network has its highest ratings , outside of prime time , on Saturday mornings .
Valley National had been paying a quarterly dividend of 36 cents a share .
Separately , investor Marvin Davis withdrew his backup $ 300-a-share takeover offer .
And they will even serve it themselves .
The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by Judge Hancock .
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .
EAST GERMANY'S KRENZ WARNED against further pro-democracy protests .
Environmental groups have been calling for faster action on dangerous pesticides and may welcome part of the proposal .
To help close the gap , Nissan recently established a top-level cost-cutting committee .
But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive .
The euphoria was such that investors responded to good earnings reports of companies such as American Express , while ignoring the disappointing profits of companies such as Caterpillar , analysts said .
Traders said thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks .
Still , massive internal debt has forced the government to borrow massively on the domestic market and to offer inflation-adjusted returns of 2 % to 3 % a month just to get investors to hold on to its paper .
Now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations .
Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .
He said he believes the bank loan , to be arranged by February , will supply about half of the financing .
Including the accesory eye care products , contacts account for $ 2 billion in annual retail sales .
But the company said that trend was offset in the first quarter by better economies of scale and efficiencies in manufacturing .
Those , of course , were the responses of people with something to hide .
He said 1989 's net income could be 11 % to 13 % of revenue , which , assuming current expectations , would be 40 % to 45 % below 1988 's level .
American education 's future will be determined by the degree to which we -- all of us -- allow this common sense to prevail over the illusions that we also share .
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey Institute , 27 areas containing a third of Poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological hazards '' due to multiple violations of standards .
Mexico is the biggest importer of both rum and brandy from the U.S. .
Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for London equities .
An N.V . Philips unit has created a computer system that processes video images 3,000 times faster than conventional systems .
Today 's Turks in Bulgaria , in other words , deserve what is coming to them four centuries later .
Before he was confirmed , Sullivan said he had `` reservations about any blanket prohibitions on medical research . ''
His success is easy to understand .
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier .
But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals .
Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp .
The legislator , Enrique Garcia , had actively backed the plant , but at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila .
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck .
`` We are now monitoring for it much more closely , '' he said .
The yield is offered across a range of maturities at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co .
It was a gutsy move for a little-known executive , fired after only two months as president of his previous company .
Sales increased 10 % to $ 2.65 billion from $ 2.41 billion .
`` I 've been recruiting every single day since it 's been identified that many AIDS patients come from the inner city , '' she says .
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros . `` Road Runner '' cartoons .
The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share .
American General Finance Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8.45 % notes due Oct. 15 , 2009 , through Bear , Stearns & Co. , being offered at a price of 99.661 to yield 8.50 % .
The biotechnology concern said Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end .
The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 .
Who 'd have thought that the next group of tough guys carrying around reputations like that would be school superintendents ?
Still , flat-rolled is the steel industry 's bread and butter , representing about half of the 80 million tons of steel expected to be shipped this year .
Mr. Freind calculates that the provision , which attacks the trimester standards that Roe established , will `` make it necessary '' for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it .
So I think the conceptual base needs to be thought out in a different way .
They insist that CFCs are damaging the earth 's stratospheric ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's ultraviolet rays .
The FERC is a five-member commission that regulates billions of dollars of interstate wholesale energy transactions .
The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system .
This became apparent as game one , a Sicilian Defense by Mr. Kasparov , proceeded .
Cane & Associates touts its $ 2-a-minute service as the `` cheapest legal hour you 'll ever find . ''
But junk bonds took more hits .
The largest was the $ 12 billion merger creating Bristol-Myers Squibb Co .
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year .
But it marks a big change for the Japanese , who shunned mortgage securities after getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back .
Tuitions at private colleges rose 154 % in the 10 years ended in June of this year ; that 's twice the 77 % increase in consumer prices for the same period .
`` But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared . ''
While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened , I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can .
Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange .
In an unrelated program in which the Labor Department does estimate output per employee for more than two-thirds of federal civilian employees , it found an average annual rate of productivity improvement of 1.7 % during the 1980s .
According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin , it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig .
Supporters of index arbitrage have n't been publicly sticking up for the trading strategy , as some did during the post-crash outcry of 1987 .
Even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , Chrysler officials `` resisted '' cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are `` very profitable vehicles , '' the spokesman said .
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business .
The junk market , which mushroomed to $ 200 billion from less than $ 2 billion at the start of the decade , has been declining for months as issuers have stumbled under the weight of hefty interest payments .
The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . ''
I think this repeal was kind of a thoughtless action , as a matter of fact ... .
`` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician .
Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers .
But she said the state currently has 35 appointed judges who are over 70 .
Her son , healthy and symptom-free , currently takes no medication .
It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast , and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip .
It may also lead to new safeguards in major construction projects such as double-deck highways .
The company said its People 's Savings Bank unit does n't have a `` large exposure to construction and commercial loans that have caused the loan-loss problems in many of the banks .
One DEA agent drew up a list of five options for dealing with Col. Noriega , one of which was assassination .
And then it will be required to lower taxes by a corresponding amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of the state department of finance .
`` It 's just a matter of marketing and promoting ourselves , '' says Headley Bell , a fifth-generation horse breeder from Lexington .
Commercial transactions will continue to be based on the official rate of about 0.63 rubles to the dollar .
Municipal , mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose 1\/8 to 1\/2 point .
Some machines make charts for presentations .
Richard Bruno , head of OTC trading at PaineWebber , said the OTC market has a habit of lagging big moves on the New York Stock Exchange .
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said .
MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities .
WALL STREET , SHAKE hands with George Orwell .
Traders said that a nearly 40-point gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , fueled in part by news of a lower-than-expected price index , had little influence on the dollar 's moves .
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement .
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share ( and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . )
Total truck production fell 22 % from a year earlier to 315,546 units .
For example , President James A. Garfield is entombed here , the victim of an assassination in 1881 .
However , he noted that steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter .
`` The week ending the 24th is going to save the entire month for everyone .
This is not the case .
In Europe , the dollar closed slightly up in a market dominated by cross trades .
B.A.T ended the day at 778 , down 5 , on turnover of 7.5 million shares .
One of them , 25-year-old Markus Hess of Hannover , allegedly used the international telecommunications network to break into more than 30 high-security computers in the U.S. , searching for secrets .
Richard D. Lewis , president of the 47-store chain , defended the company 's pricing campaign , saying it did n't use `` the misleading expression ` reduced from original prices . ' ''
The current campaign is just the first leg of an aggressive three-to-five-year direct marketing plan .
January platinum was down $ 3.60 an ounce at $ 491.10 .
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances .
For the year ended March 31 , Dentsu sales rose 19 % to $ 8.9 billion from $ 7.5 billion , and net income jumped 59 % to $ 102 million from $ 64 million .
In San Francisco , small businesses are urging passage of a local initiative to build a new $ 95 million downtown baseball stadium ; they believe it will spur retail sales and hotel-restaurant business .
In a statement , Arnold B. McKinnon , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that the new repurchase program `` should serve to enhance shareholder value . ''
Under terms of the agreement , a K mart subsidiary will soon make a tender offer for Pace shares .
At the scheduled time , Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked .
And not just for the players .
Mr. Jiang also pledged that the Chinese Red Cross would publish `` very soon '' a list of those killed .
By concentrating all their resources on the pay raise , Wright and Tower , the networks actually overlooked some major stories that showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution ... .
But at least one chief executive said he called Mr. Welch to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading , and other market sources said they understood that Mr. Welch received many phone calls complaining about Kidder 's reliance on index arbitrage as a major business .
The return of the Rothschilds is modest .
The use of the abominable construction practices in the Soviet Union -- as evidenced by the collapse of sand apartment blocks during the Armenian earthquake -- as a metaphor for the U.S. economic system was a sublime example of Mr. Cockburn 's satirical muse .
FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT , Oct. 8 , 1974 , and was promptly resurrected under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession .
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry .
The U.S. has six trade promotion offices in Canada .
Yet too many people working in Hollywood today seem to suffer from the delusion that the drama played out in every home will be interesting to people who live somewhere else .
SONGsters are mad as heck about campus anti-intellectualism and they are n't going to take it anymore , at least not without trying a few really neat ideas first .
Others are replacing older facilities with flexible assembly lines on which different models can be turned out at once .
Mr. Kamm , the China trade expert , estimates that as much as 50 % of Guangdong 's exports is made up of processed imported raw materials .
USACafes Limited Partnership said it completed the sale of its Bonanza restaurant franchise system to a subsidiary of Metromedia Co. for $ 71 million in cash .
Dealers said the market was underpinned by a squeeze in FT-SE 100 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and building-related concerns .
Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super-fast , super-expensive chip that only the most power-hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years .
`` The loss is in line with our expectations , '' said John C. Maxwell III , an analyst with Dillon , Read & Co. in New York .
It is n't .
But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials , coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies .
The company said its real estate portfolio is `` highly leveraged , '' while about two-thirds of its investments are n't income-producing .
`` The grapevine is n't organized , but you and I know it exists , '' says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals and community leaders .
When First Interstate balked , arguing that the figure was too high , regulators responded by raising their recommendation to $ 350 million .
We really are talking about shutting down a major American city for a number of days , maybe for a few weeks . ''
In the asset-backed market , Beneficial Corp. offered $ 248 million of securities backed by home-equity loans , the second large deal in the past week .
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index .
Nonetheless , one ca n't help wonder whether the game will be just a little bit slower .
Miami Lakes , Fla .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline .
Crane dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 1\/8 .
Yesterday , just a day after Mr. Roman announced he would leave to take a top post at American Express , WPP said Mr. Berry would return to take an international role at the parent company .
He said Tandy `` has done a decent job '' increasing sales by manufacturing computers for others and expanding sales of its Grid Systems Corp. subsidiary , which sells computers to bigger businesses , but `` it 's not enough to offset the problems at Radio Shack . ''
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus .
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages .
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares .
Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character .
Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill .
Moscow , which left the group in 1983 to avoid explusion over allegations that political dissidents were being certified as insane , could be suspended if the misuse of psychiatry against dissenters is discovered during a review within a year .
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets .
Asked if the Soviets , like Chinese officials , wo n't one day face a similar conflict between the desire to liberalize economically and yet retain political control , Mr. Lee said , `` I would think that the Soviets face a deeper dilemma because they have been more in blinkers than the Chinese -- I mean keeping their people cut off from the outside world . ''
`` They 're buying whatever 's cheaper . ''
A reinsurance company effectively insures insurance companies that wish to spread the risk of a particular policy .
Polysilicon is used in making integrated circuits .
But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them .
The stock had been on the decline since the financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Friday and developer Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR .
Indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory on the outskirts of Berlin and wander among the workers -- a la Gorbachev .
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations .
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high-temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination .
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success .
Mr. Bush has said he personally approves of abortions in the cases of rape , incest and danger to the life of the mother .
A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , without permission from the group .
`` The company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 1989 , '' the company said .
Hale Milgrim , 41 years old , senior vice president , marketing at Elecktra Entertainment Inc. , was named president of Capitol Records Inc. , a unit of this entertainment concern .
Now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning .
While no agencies reported injuries to employees , the quake damaged the offices of J. Walter Thompson , Chiat\/Day\/Mojo and DDB Needham , among others , spokesmen for those agencies said .
Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community .
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article .
For the fiscal year , the company said it anticipates reporting earnings of $ 23 million , or about $ 1.15 a share , including a charge of about $ 5.9 million , or 22 cents a share , related to the merger that created Legent out of Duquesne Systems Inc. and Morino Inc. in March 1989 .
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers .
Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure .
CONTROL DATA Corp. said it is offering to purchase the $ 154.2 million amount of its 12 3\/4 % senior notes due June 15 , 1991 , at par , plus accrued interest to the Dec. 8 purchase date .
The Freind legislation -- the state 's House Judiciary Committee approved it in Harrisburg this week and the full Pennsylvania House is expected to take up the bill next Tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 24 weeks of pregnancy , except to avert the death of the mother .
Mr. Gebhard adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses .
Mr. Bush asked Congress to raise to $ 6 billion from $ 3 billion the amount of money Defense Secretary Dick Cheney may shift among the Pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the pain that the Gramm-Rudman budget law was intended to inflict .
Domestic soft-drink bottler case sales are estimated to have risen only 1 % in the third quarter -- well below the 4 % to 5 % growth of recent years -- but about in line with the rest of the soft-drink industry .
At 11.1 % of gross national product , U.S. health costs already are the highest in the world .
A company does n't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale , says Charles I. Clough Jr. , chief market strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co .
No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him .
Paramount Communications Inc. said it sold two Simon & Schuster information services units to Macmillan Inc. , a subsidiary of Maxwell Communication Corp .
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups .
Officially , the statement is n't an attack on the Rafale .
From 1987 to 1988 , the value of Chemical 's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $ 37 billion from $ 17 billion .
Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Mr. Kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago .
In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million .
A law went on the books in January that let him smoke bacon without breeding pigs .
Bond prices rallied .
Two analysts who have read the transcripts , David Nelson of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Calvert D. Crary , a litigation analyst at Labe , Simpson & Co. , think Judge A. David Mazzone will decide in Kodak 's favor on the `` willful and deliberate '' issue .
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed .
These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps , Brooke Astor or Georgette Mosbacher .
`` The last thing markets like is uncertainty , '' said Ian Harwood , chief economist at S.G. Warburg & Co. , of the resignations of Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson and chief economic adviser Sir Alan Walters .
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis .
Goodson will pay the additional $ 20 million in settlement of the management contract .
But Rep. John Bryant ( D. , Texas ) , the lead counsel for the House managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into Judge Hastings ' activities , said `` a mountain of evidence points to his certain guilt . ''
Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to `` vanish '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection .
In the second quarter , middle-market cross-border transactions -- deals under $ 100 million each -- numbered 619 and totaled $ 6 billion , compared with 478 such transactions totaling $ 4.9 billion a year earlier , the firm said .
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB Co . ( New York ) --
Further ammunition came from left legal theorist Ronald Dworkin , who in the New York Review of Books painted a picture of a constitutional zombie willfully reading his personal prejudices into the Constitution , particularly in the area of `` original intent . ''
The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure .
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years .
Name-dropping recently helped Mr. Houston-Montgomery crash a party Fame magazine threw for 100 of the 2,809 people mentioned in the diaries of the late Andy Warhol .
It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker `` participation '' in major corporate decisions .
In addition , Hunter said it will use proceeds from a private placement of $ 8 million of preferred shares to purchase an interest in a start-up company to underwrite environmental impairment insurance .
A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California-based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , was extended to Nov. 16 .
But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence .
ONCE YOU MAKE UP your mind about an investment , the rest is easy , right ?
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership .
Seven Japanese department-store groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale 's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional information on the group , bankers say .
The climb in wholesale energy prices is certain to push up retail energy prices in the next few months , they warned .
After expanding rapidly during the bull-market years up to the 1987 crash , retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead .
Bostic posted 1988 sales of $ 255 million .
Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results .
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students .
Elizabeth Holtzman , district attorney for Brooklyn , N.Y. , said , `` The appellate division has agreed with our view that despite federal worker-safety laws , state prosecutors have the power to protect working people . ''
Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force .
Anti-Jones sentiment flooded the local press : `` A crude obnoxious hick , '' said one writer ; `` a real oink , '' said another ; `` Who in the hell does he think he is ? '' wrote a third .
A formal blessing of sorts was bestowed on this friendship in April when Mikhail and Raisa Gorbachev stopped here for talks with Irish Prime Minister Charles Haughey .
Mr. Pearce set up GM 's first in-house litigation group in May with four lawyers , all former assistant U.S. attorneys with extensive trial experience .
A `` senior Fed official '' spoke on Saturday after the market swoon to both the Washington Post and the New York Times , saying the Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed .
The company said it recently sold its 750th cartridge system , which cost $ 400,000 to $ 500,000 each .
Traders and analysts said the divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook .
When problems surface , the temptation becomes strong to summarily overhaul a market system that has served for more than 100 years .
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .
The restructuring program is designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio .
Ms. Malcolm , for example , wrote that Mr. Masson described himself as `` the greatest analyst who ever lived . ''
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration .
Neither side would comment .
Some Monday-morning quarterbacks said the initial lower bid , without junk bonds , was a factor in his losing the company .
West Germany 's Quelle said it will establish a mail-order operation with two local partners in the Soviet Union next year .
The Merc fined Mr. Roberts $ 15,000 and suspended his trading membership for three years .
`` Insurance companies will offer a good rate if no one is sick , but it 's a roll of the dice , '' says Rosemary Heinhold of the Small Business Service Bureau , a group representing 35,000 small businesses nationwide .
It warns that the AIDS epidemic `` may reduce the rate of growth of the work force , curb productivity gains and slow economic growth . ''
The test project -- which reportedly survived Tuesday 's earthquake -- was a prelude to a state plan to retrofit that critical section of the freeway with the steel casings .
Instead of selling bonds to meet redemptions , however , some funds have borrowed from banks to meet withdrawal requests .
Some state middlemen come to buy from me .
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says .
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern .
Mr. Paul , for his part , defends the Rubens price , saying a lot of the experts have never seen the thing itself .
The House Appropriations Committee approved a $ 2.85 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 3.8 billion sought by California officials .
Beheading small children , stabbing elderly people to death , raping and shooting women , and burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years .
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle .
The appointments are part of a planned succession at the company .
Takamori Matsuda , an analyst at Dresdner-ABD Securities , said fading expectation for lower interest rates made investors step back from real-estate shares , which advanced last week .
`` If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up . ''
Entertainment and media stocks generally escaped the market 's slide as well .
( By comparison , German domestic stock volume in Frankfurt only doubled that day . )
By late last night , Globe Managing Editor Thomas Mulvoy , bending to the will of his troops , scrapped the new drawings .
In the year-earlier quarter , the tax credit was $ 3.3 million .
The newspaper quoted KGB chairman Vladimir A. Kryuchkov as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed , the laws had changed and people no longer have to fear a simple slip of the tongue .
According to the suit , Mr. Peterson has yet to return the plaintiffs ' investment .
Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products and a former chairman and chief executive , resigned as a director .
More widespread time limits on poison pills would allow shareholders to evaluate a specific poison pill within the context of a specific management team 's strategy .
The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents , 70 cents and 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 , respectively .
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion .
Lawrence Insurance , based in Albany , N.Y. , plans to use the $ 22.5 million in proceeds to help finance the acquisition of United Republic .
Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia .
Comprehensive Care plunged 4 3\/4 to 3 5\/8 on 1.2 million shares .
In May 1987 , Ford began importing the Scorpio sedan from West Germany to sell next to a redesigned XR4Ti in showrooms .
Mr. Carpenter , a former consulting-firm executive who has a love for `` task forces , '' says he has done a `` complete rethink '' of Kidder in recent months .
Ameritech
The question for investors is , how to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains .
President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor , Education and Health and Human Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape and incest , the White House said .
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets .
Revenue was about $ 4.5 million .
But several weeks ago , in the wake of the Beijing killings , the loan was canceled , according to bankers and executives close to the project .
And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage .
AEG and Siemens each will hold a 50 % stake in the venture .
Yesterday , Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million .
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
GE 's filing contends that the billing practices at the heart of the current controversy involved technical disputes rather than criminal activity .
The imposition of austerity measures , starting last October , already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 and subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter .
Besides creating a vehicle for investors , money market funds also helped rewrite banking regulations .
The lobbying group used publicly available information to calculate each company 's domestic profits and its federal income tax payments .
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources .
He 's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg , the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s .
Elsewhere in the group , General Re rose 2 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 , American International Group gained 3 1\/4 to 102 5\/8 , Aetna Life & Casualty added 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/2 and Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 62 1\/2 .
This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium .
The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet , Moscow 's city governing body , and Aeroflot , the Soviet national airline .
`` But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste .
IRS Notice 89-136 describes this and other deadline relief for Hugo 's victims .
The current dispute involves allegations that Charlotte , N.C.-based First Union has n't lived up to its responsibilities under the reinvestment act .
The New York-based tobacco , food and beer concern said revenue increased to $ 11.25 billion from $ 7.74 billion .
Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. 's common stock was dragged down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a Finnish shipbuilder would delay delivery of three big cruise ships .
Among them were B.A.T Industries , which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ( $ 12.10 ) .
1 ) Foreclosed homes could be sold by the FHA for no down payment ( the biggest obstacle to young buyers ) , but with personal liability for the mortgage ( no walking away by choice ) .
The Glazer group said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October that it may seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson , or seek representation on the company 's board .
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock-purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding .
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical .
Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 .
Indeed , the possibility of an A 's ring cycle , a\/k\/a a dynasty , was a major topic of post-game discussion Saturday , so much so that Sandy Alderson , the team 's general manager , felt obliged to dampen it .
Takashimaya Co. , Japan 's oldest department store , is another name that keeps popping up as a potential fit with Saks .
The net loss for the quarter was $ 43.1 million against a year-earlier loss of $ 106 million .
Since the value of its assets was n't known , analysts were free to pick a number .
Japan , the world 's third-largest liquor market after the U.S. and Britain , helped American companies in April when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products .
Crestmont is conducting a search for a chief executive .
Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company .
`` The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , '' lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said .
For the leadership , that was too painful to bear . ''
Most balloonists seldom go higher than 2,000 feet and most average a leisurely 5-10 miles an hour .
But Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) , a vigorous opponent of the capital-gains tax cut , called the group to meet with him Wednesday night and again yesterday .
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler .
Americans may not be so lucky the next time .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Jutting out just to the north of us is the Blackjack Peninsula ( after the oak , not the game ) which forms the core of the Aransas Wildlife Refuge .
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares .
But many analysts believe that , given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry in Europe , there will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies within the next several months .
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released .
He said he feared a Revco reorganization might force bondholders to accept a `` cheap deal , '' and that the Bass group 's offer would give them more money .
The bonds are rated single-A by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter .
This cuts down greatly on labor , Mr. Buchner said .
Although Mr. Paul has pared a $ 1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $ 900 million since April , the high-yield debt market has plummeted .
Similarly , a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s .
Part of the problem , though , may reflect a general unwillingness to work with the urban poor .
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70 % of the facility .
As former Fed Chairman William McChesney Martin used to say , they would have to take the punch bowl away just as the party is getting interesting .
The certificates , which have an average life of 10.05 years , were priced at 1.31 percentage points over the benchmark Treasury 10-year note .
A leading U.S. human-rights monitor also was briefly held .
Travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age .
`` Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone .
Goldman , Sachs & Co. was the underwriter .
Those who fear a plethora of suits paralyzing our legal system need only look at the record on the Rehabilitation Act .
Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard 's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella .
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.32 yen , up from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.17 yen .
HUGO 'S RAVAGES may be offset by immediate claims for tax refunds .
Not everyone , however , is at ease with office massage .
Analysts at Standard & Poor 's say junk bond offerings by `` tightly stretched '' issuers seem to be growing .
Mr. Lodge , 48 years old , a former finance executive at Singer Sewing Machine Co. and Celanese Corp. , succeeds Francis L. Brophy , 64 , who plans to retire from the company next year .
`` We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official .
Its problem , they say , is that management paid too much in the leveraged buy-out and the current $ 515 million debt load is keeping Revco in the red .
This magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 10 .
Globe columnist Mike Barnicle -- in the second attack on his employer in as many weeks -- averred that his shadowy countenance was so bad , it looked `` like a face you 'd find on a bottle of miracle elixir that promises to do away with diarrhea in our lifetime . ''
In the past , however , Coke has typically taken a minority stake in such ventures .
Stocks of major toy makers rallied in the wake of strong third-quarter earnings reports .
Did Mr. Freeman have notice of this ?
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY , Scotts Valley , maker of hard disk drives for computers , annual sales of $ 1.37 billion , OTC , closed to assess what appeared to be minor damage to some of its 20 buildings .
`` In the world of intelligence , if you want to get information , you get it from seedy characters .
Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular massages are a balm for his old football injuries .
Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls .
Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best `` verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you . ''
Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand .
A number of developments were negatively interpreted by traders .
Because the Soviet ruble is n't convertible into dollars , marks and other Western currencies , companies that hope to set up production facilities here must either export some of the goods to earn hard currency or find Soviet goods they can take in a counter-trade transaction .
It could work .
London has concluded that Austrian President Waldheim was n't responsible for the execution of six British commandos in World War II , although he probably was aware of the slayings .
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April .
Indeed , a number of analysts said that Japanese paper companies are hungry to acquire additional manufacturing capacity anywhere in the world .
Grand Metropolitan PLC , the United Kingdom food and beverage group that owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. , announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion .
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
The only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew Mr. Stone 's case intimately and would help fill in any facts needed to give the court the full picture .
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry .
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid .
Yet he took little businesslike care with his cattle : He had no prior experience and did n't seek business counsel about them .
Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it was `` another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is chairman . ''
`` I 've never met a ghost that could n't be explained away by perfectly natural means , '' he says .
In addition , Mr. Templeton received a dividend of 22 cents a share Oct. 5 .
At that point investors may face a long , bumpy ride .
In addition to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties , Mr. Meador takes responsibility for development and property management .
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint .
`` He has mastered the art of survival . ''
R.H. Macy & Co. , the closely held department store chain , said in a financial filing Friday that its sales for the fiscal fourth quarter ended July 29 were up 10 % to $ 1.59 billion against $ 1.44 billion a year earlier .
The action , in the Canadian Federal Court , will be against Canada , the Netherlands , West Germany , Britain and the U.S. , the ministry spokesman said .
Kurzweil , Waltham , Mass. , makes digital electronic keyboard instruments used by professional recording musicians .
The shipyard 's 6.5 billion Finnish markka ( $ 1.54 billion ) backlog includes about 20 ships ordered by big international shippers , including three for Carnival Cruise Lines Inc .
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect .
The spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Industrial Equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company .
`` They are n't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up , '' says Laurence Tribe , a professor of constitutional law at Harvard University .
Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ?
However , the group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only -- $ 260.5 million -- and no equity .
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''
For the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale .
Your editorial mockingly entitles this legislation the `` Lawyers ' Employment Act . ''
`` The market has been overly harsh to them . ''
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed .
Gill & Duffus Ltd. , a British cocoa-trading house , estimated that the 1989-90 world cocoa surplus would be 231,000 tons , down from 314,000 tons for the previous year .
The Menlo Park , Calif. , company said net was $ 7.4 million , or 22 cents a share , down from $ 32.3 million , or 86 cents a share , a year ago .
Move over , pornographic phone services : A legal service with a `` 900 '' number has been launched in California .
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months .
He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation , and he added that none of the Japanese banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry .
`` Galileo is on its way to another world in the hands of the best flight controllers in this world , '' Atlantis Commander Donald Williams said .
`` I ate a bad tuna sandwich , got food poisoning and had to have a shot in my shoulder , '' he says , making it too painful to row .
Madison explained that a representative 's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good .
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century .
He argued that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors .
They merely collect campaign contributions from developers that help keep them in office .
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world-wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners .
He will remain chairman .
Unlike traditional buy-and-hold strategies , all of the above require that market makers be on hand to provide liquidity by buying and selling stocks in a crunch .
This maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine .
In 1979 , however , Westinghouse abandoned the project along with its stake in advanced television .
4:02 a.m .
If Mr. Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris , Mr. Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves .
British Air officials said the airline 's chairman , Lord King , was concerned about news reports indicating that British Air might be willing to participate in a bid that included a lower purchase price and better investment terms for the British carrier .
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning .
They also give those in Congress political credit for bringing home the pork , and so they are popular with such Members as Mary Rose Oakar .
Rep. Austin Murphy ( D. , Pa. ) , chairman of the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . ''
Today , they identify 19 distinct segments for cars , and another 11 for trucks and vans .
Circuit breakers , designed to give the markets a breather in cases of sharp price movements , curb trading of futures or stocks at various trigger points .
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate .
It was all over the place .
Dark hints would be raised that parts of the administration hope Mr. Gorbachev would fail , just as they were when Vice President Quayle voiced similar sentiments .
Ethyl Corp. reported that third-quarter net income fell 12 % from a year-earlier quarter helped by a gain from discontinued operations .
The House approved a permanent smoking ban on nearly all domestic airline routes as part of a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress .
The increase was due mainly to a $ 325 million order from Turkey to equip its fleet of F-16 fighters with Loral 's ALQ-178 Rapport III electronic countermeasures system .
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure .
And earnings have been erratic .
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say .
Current interest serial bonds are tentatively priced to yield to 7.05 % in 2002 .
The Nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling stampede , and closed down 1.2 % .
The red granite mausoleum draws thousands of visitors daily .
`` The effect of the Supreme Court Webster opinion is that it left room for grass to grow in the cracks of Roe vs. Wade , and I think this is one of the cracks , '' said Mark Belz , a St. Louis lawyer who represented Ms. O'Brien and the other St. Louis protesters .
The purchase , expected to be completed by year end , will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America , behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co. , Chicago .
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) .
Medieval philosophers used to hold the sensible belief that it was more perfect to exist than not to exist , and that to exist as a matter of necessity was most perfect of all .
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says .
-- Edward F. Dempsey .
That brought a chain reaction in the industry .
One former bailiff charged that the judge double-crossed him by reneging on a promise of a better paying job after pocketing a $ 500 bribe .
`` I expect to see the demand exceed supply for Fujis for the next 10 to 15 years , '' he adds .
Suppose an investor wants to sell a stock , but not for less than $ 55 .
It did n't release terms of the transaction .
The cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of Lincoln-Mercury dealers -- as opposed to new models such as Taurus or Escort , which are sold under existing Ford divisions .
Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker : Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend , the youth group that is the communist regime 's principal tool for stamping young Germans into socialist citizens .
But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have .
Both Ford and its rival General Motors recently set their sights on grabbing significant minority stakes in the British company .
He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances , and said `` those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment . ''
Graham Beale , manager of foreign-exchange operations at Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , added that Mrs. Thatcher 's comments reinforced the market 's growing confidence about sterling and compounded the unit 's later decline .
Banks are continuing to go after individual investors , despite falling interest rates .
Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 and the full fiscal year , Mr. Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter .
The contract was first proposed more than two years ago , but shortly afterward , the colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash .
`` The fundamentals are pretty strong , '' Mr. Dreman says .
`` We wo n't know until the smoke clears -- but yes , we 're looking into it , '' he says .
`` For women , dressing for success in a real structured way is over . ''
Ikegai-Goss , which has about 200 employees , is among the industry leaders in keyless inking technology , which reduces time and materials waste when preparing a press for printing .
Sun Sportswear Inc. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which one million shares will be sold by the company , and the balance by a holder , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood Inc .
Wells Fargo has sold all of its non-trade loans made to less-developed countries , and managed to partly reverse the sharp rise in domestic non-accrual loans , which fell 8 % from the previous quarter to $ 806.8 million from $ 880.9 million .
After allegations surfaced in a 1985 divorce contest that he had beaten his wife , SEC enforcement chief John Fedders retreated to a Trappist monastery in rural Virginia .
The new company is capitalized at about $ 3.5 million .
When Mr. Paul moved in on the art market , he let it be known that virtually no piece was too costly to be considered by CenTrust .
Mr. Wachter says Mr. Paul was a quick study who worked intensely and bought the best pictures available at the moment .
`` As a general rule , prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care . ''
Although the big investment bank still dominates the junk market , Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from growing junk bond defaults , withdrawn new offerings , redemptions by shareholders in junk bond mutual funds and an exodus of once-devoted investors .
That is the truth . ''
As the report issued by the subcommittee concluded , `` Our government did nothing regarding Gen. Noriega 's drug business and substantial criminal involvement because the first priority was the Contra war .
But they said detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers .
Short selling is n't necessarily bad for the overall market .
Mr. Strieber knows a lot about aliens .
As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes ( particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble ) it looks and sounds forced .
Mr. Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly .
Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall .
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings .
But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's `` The Misanthrope '' at the Goodman .
Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % to $ 16.4 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 25.2 million , or 31 cents a share .
`` When they are buying back stock at 10 times earnings , they are suggesting that the rate of return on competing internal projects is below '' returns on the stock .
And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes .
Unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered .
The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he saved $ 47,000 in 1974-81 by living with family members and pinching pennies and $ 45,000 of secret gifts from his remorseful father , who had abandoned the family in 1955 .
Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures .
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 .
`` When Sears has a sale at a special price , '' the woman in the ad declares , `` it 's something you do n't want to miss . ''
While the Tigreans are communists , like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of aerial bombardment by the Soviet-supplied Mengistu air force .
The coalition would include the current Vietnamese-backed Hun Sen regime , the two non-communist resistance groups led by Son Sann and Prince Sihanouk , and the Khmer Rouge .
Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . ''
Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom .
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration .
By that time they found extremely low profit rates from non-financial corporate investment .
You know who you are .
The percentage change is since year-end .
Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board .
And some U.S. Army analysts worry that the proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter , more transportable , high-technology tanks .
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ?
Metal racks on the plant floor fell over , and water mains ruptured , a spokeswoman says .
Harley-Davidson 's complaint claims that the group , led by investor Malcolm I. Glazer , violated securities laws by failing to disclose plans to purchase 15 % of the company 's shares outstanding and that when the required Hart-Scott-Rodino filing eventually was made , it did n't disclose the group 's alleged earlier violation of the so-called prior-notice requirements of the law .
It also saves money .
Sales dropped 2 % , to $ 4.8 billion from $ 4.9 billion .
The arrests capped a four-month investigation by the Internal Revenue Service , the U.S. Attorney 's office and a Security Pacific internal investigation team .
Many of the properties are owned through limited partnerships controlled by Mr. Helmsley .
Israeli officials confirmed that Energy Minister Moshe Shahal and his Canadian counterpart , Jake Epp , discussed a possible Israeli purchase of a $ 1.1 billion Canadian nuclear reactor for producing electricity .
The capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 7 % in 2001 to 7.10 % in 2003-2005 .
`` We write straight for women on their level , '' he said .
Drug companies lost a major liability case .
The letter , in fact , takes a jab at ABC for being a laggard in black programming .
But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals .
THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 'S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 72.4 million , or 23.2 % of its revenue .
Transportation officials are expecting utter traffic pandemonium beginning Monday and growing worse over the next several weeks .
It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there .
We doubt this claim just as we doubted Mr. Shevardnadze 's assurance last year that Krasnoyarsk did n't violate the ABM treaty .
Got back to Bolinas , and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets open or dumped onto the floor .
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said .
Oncogenes must be present for a cell to become malignant , but researchers have found them in normal as well as in cancerous cells , suggesting that oncogenes do n't cause cancer by themselves .
The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest .
Dr. Teich said Searle is `` the only company I know that voluntarily '' will make consumer information available .
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines , Mr. Runkel said .
Interest payments on the bonds will be payable semiannually .
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales .
The next day , as she prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks , which will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris , she jumps at the slightest noise .
For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements , regardless of when they were signed , wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5 % -- including cost-of-living adjustments .
Could he plausibly interpret it as encouragement for the Fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level ?
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination .
`` We 're in the dark , '' he said .
There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before crossing the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge .
In the municipal market , all eyes were on California debt as investors tried to gauge the financial ramifications of Tuesday 's earthquake .
To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest ; in other words , that it is justified in committing a crime -- lying to Congress -- because it is morally superior .
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year .
`` Filtered news is what people want , '' says Esther Dyson , editor of Release 1.0 , an industry newsletter that spots new developments .
But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before being implemented .
Marcus W. Brauchli contributed to this article .
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up .
European venture capital funds total about $ 14 billion and are expected to continue growing 35 % annually .
Consumers Power Co. , now the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant , which was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays and high costs .
`` For some time , we had forecast negative third - and fourth-quarter growth .
Unlike his predecessor , who saw steel as America 's backbone , Mr. Corry tends to view it as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential , associates say .
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results .
The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter .
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
In his letter to Knight-Ridder President James K. Batten , Mr. McMaster said he arrived at the $ 68 million figure using Knight-Ridder 's corporate financial statements and comments by Knight-Ridder officials that the Free Press has a $ 50 million value in salvage .
No one else will watch out for you .
Mark T. Kuiper Jersey City , N.J .
But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise .
Intra-European takeovers are expected to continue at their brisk pace .
The move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies .
Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows , upholstery and insulation .
New Canaan Investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry .
Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy .
Of 1,224 companies surveyed , 31 % expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery , while only 28 % plan to spend more .
As Mr. Bronner himself says , the smell of `` raw meat '' was in the air .
Meanwhile , International Business Machines Corp. paved the way for a visit to the credit markets by filing a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $ 800 million in new debt .
Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast .
City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in , but negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name `` Everglades . ''
Mr. Phelan 's meeting with the floor brokers comes as he prepares to explain the exchange 's position on program trading to key congressional regulators in a closed session tomorrow , according to exchange officials .
But the man who built it has fallen .
Sarah Hall , an analyst at James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , says there is n't much Cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel , Hong Kong 's tight labor market , or the strengthening of the local currency , which is pegged to the U.S. dollar .
That purchase doubled Quebecor 's annual printing revenue to $ 750 million .
The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors .
Canada is the world 's largest producer of market pulp .
`` Latin Americans see Canada as a non-interventionist power that respects their sovereignty , '' he said .
France will propose a slightly watered-down version of the charter to be discussed by EC social-affairs ministers on Monday , officials said .
`` Our company has not been able to cope very effectively with '' changes in the marketplace , said Ryosuke Ito , Sansui 's president .
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 .
In the previous three general elections , similar national issues clinched the vote .
Clearly not .
Winners of the friendly competition earn a steak dinner out with their spouses .
The main issues remaining are how to calculate damages and whether the infringement was `` willful and deliberate . ''
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus .
Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , expanding its presence in the food service market , said it acquired Maryland Club Foods , a coffee supplier , from an investor group led by F. Philip Handy of Winter Park , Fla .
Both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks .
In the end , Sir John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key that unlocks the golden share .
Dow Jones climbed 5 3\/4 to 41 on very heavy volume of 786,100 shares .
UAL , which closed on the Big Board Monday at $ 178.375 a share , traded in the third market afterward as low as $ 158 a share .
`` There is no question that investor confidence ( in the stock market ) is critical . ''
The fight between HBO and Showtime is particularly acrimonious because Mr. Biondi is the former chief executive of HBO , and Mr. Cox served as chief of marketing for the service .
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading .
Numerous injuries were reported .
Many Japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year , and Japanese interest rates , though up a bit recently , are still low .
When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975 , industry was far ahead .
Revenue rose to $ 1.5 billion from $ 1.1 billion .
The school was the first , in 1987 , to receive the NCAA 's `` death penalty '' -- two years without football -- for repeated rules violations .
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions .
`` If one city is down , the other can take over . ''
NCAA Executive Director Richard Schultz , in accepting a place on the Knight Commission , urged that the panel take a `` balanced '' view , which looks for all the world like a plea not to rock the boat too much , and the presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition at the NCAA 's full convention in January , which will vote on them .
The issues are too important to be left to the financial and budget ministries fighting over the size of the capital increase , rather than its purpose .
ENFIELD Corp. said in Toronto that it hopes to raise 56 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 47.7 million ) through a rights offering to shareholders .
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia .
For the nine months , Jefferies said net fell 39 % , to $ 6.8 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 11.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share .
From a reading of the somewhat scant English-language medical literature on RU-486 , the French abortion pill emerges as one of the creepiest concoctions around .
American International Group climbed 4 to 106 5\/8 , General Re rose 3 1\/8 to 89 5\/8 , Kemper added 2 1\/2 to 48 , AON went up 1 3\/8 to 36 and Chubb rose 1 1\/4 to 82 1\/4 .
Each $ 5000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 15 , 1989 , to Oct. 18 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 23 .
Nervous investors continued to limit their buying to blue-chip stocks while dumping takeover-related issues .
In 1986 , Baker , Nye waged a proxy fight for control of Leaseway Transportation Inc. that ultimately led to Leaseway 's being sold .
`` But I 'm going to lose $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 on it .
It says 40 % of those surveyed report that 1989 exploration spending will exceed 1988 's .
Another ad pictures a tree ant , magnified 80 times , with the headline , `` For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions . ''
`` The companies just gave back what they had reserved for , '' he said .
I do n't subsidize anyone .
It also charges that Imperial , the holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan , experienced major losses and writedowns because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages .
Channel One , a satellite-delivered daily program supported by advertising , is scheduled to be launched next March .
Mr. Mark conceded that Colgate 's domestic business , apart from its highly profitable Hill 's Pet Products unit , has lagged .
Bruce Hoyt , a banking analyst with Boettcher & Co. , a Denver brokerage firm , said Valley National `` is n't out of the woods yet . ''
The SEC also charged that Mr. Holmes acted as an officer or director of New Ventures , in violation of his previous consent agreement .
The other part of the transaction will see Beghin-Say sell its 50 % stake in its Kaysersberg paper affiliate to an unspecified unit of the petrochemical group Montedison S.p . A. , which is also controlled by Ferruzzi .
He was performing for pay , and why should anyone expect anything more ?
A mix of CDs and other holdings may make the most sense .
`` It 's very worrying that these markets ca n't cope . ''
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . ''
We have been persuaded by the constitutional argument for the inherent line-item veto since 1987 , when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page .
Yet some funds have pulled in their horns .
The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 .
The Stamford , Conn. , power-generation products and services company said per-share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $ 2.39 .
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released .
This category now accounts for about 19 % of admits and 22 % of registrants .
Navigation Mixte said it would n't have any comment until its board meets Wednesday .
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .
The Japanese company said the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust act for the $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia and the $ 200 million offer for Guber-Peters expired Monday .
In Moscow , Mr. Gorbachev sent Mr. Krenz a congratulatory telegram that appeared to urge the new leadership to heed growing calls for change .
Livestock and Meats
Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York .
The education establishment will fight against common sense every inch of the way .
Tennessee and North Carolina , home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees , receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request .
With a five-year defense plan costing more than $ 1.6 trillion , it 's about time we put together a defense strategy that works in Washington .
Mr. Curran expects industry RV sales for all of 1989 to fall about 5 % from 1988 , when sales of 427,300 units were the highest since 1978 .
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication .
Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations .
You can drive piles on it and build on it . ''
He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins .
He said , while dialogue is important , enough forums already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves .
The Fed 's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more solicitous of the independence of the rest of the government . )
`` We need a Western Ostpolitik , '' says John Roper , of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London , referring to West Germany 's longstanding policy of a diplomatic opening to the East .
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market .
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units .
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed .
News of Mr. Eward 's retirement comes one day after Morgan said that Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan 's banking subsidiary to join a financial services firm .
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers .
`` We have n't modified our schedules in any way , '' said a Sun spokesman .
The company reiterated that it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year , although it expects a profitable fourth quarter .
GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading .
Only one thing is certain here : Pysllium is likely to remain solely an export item from Sidhpur for a long time .
Congress sent to President Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % while revamping the Pentagon budget to move more than $ 450 million from foreign bases to home-state projects .
I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the bay .
The liquor industry went metric 10 years ago .
The sixth and last report now is out , and it puts the effort in perspective .
The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % .
In addition , the company 's board authorized the purchase of up to an additional one million shares .
Treasury Undersecretary David Mulford defended the Treasury 's efforts this fall to drive down the value of the dollar , saying it helped minimize damage from the 190-point drop in the stock market Oct. 13 .
Operating profit rose 4 % to 293.29 billion yen from 282.08 billion yen .
The plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds .
But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees .
This mincemeat of tiny gridlocked squares was inspired by the artist 's own digs : `` My loft was 50 by 100 feet , so 50 feet by 50 feet seemed like a good garden room . ''
The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls and their assets , but that is a net cost .
But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs .
The surplus was two billion rand in the second quarter and 2.7 billion rand in the first quarter .
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said .
Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it .
\* Principal amount
`` One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % .
James Wright , chief investment officer for Banc One Asset Management , says , `` We 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks . ''
So despite Wall Street 's rosy talk of quickly `` maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait .
He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers .
I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients , a couple , and the building started shaking like crazy .
ITT also said its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices .
A White House spokesman said President Bush is `` generally supportive '' of the Packwood plan .
He bought at share prices ranging from $ 9.375 to $ 9.625 .
Comprehensive Care , which terminated its agreement to merge with First Hospital , dropped 7\/8 to 3 7\/8 .
Terms of the accord were n't disclosed .
It 's somehow OK for Secretary Baker himself , however , to say all the same things .
Norman L. Owens Tempe , Ariz .
At a back-yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . ''
In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share .
He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work .
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said .
The mounting risks did not go unobserved , even in the mid-1980s .
Analysts said the move could presage even harsher action by the banks .
Control Data Corp. agreed to sell its idle supercomputer manufacturing plant here to Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co. for $ 5.8 million .
If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more .
The consolidation is expected to save $ 1 million a year in administrative costs , a Great American spokesman said .
Helmut Kohl 's governing conservative coalition is proving admirably true to the West German constitution by making more than 500,000 people of German descent automatic citizens this year alone .
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
Libya accepted Iran 's proposal only so long as it was promised production parity with Kuwait .
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message .
Its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets .
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F-16 aircraft and related equipment .
Small-business people end up paying insurance premiums worth two to three times the cost of one illness . ''
Newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held .
Ford Motor Credit -- $ 2.57 billion of certificates backed by automobile loans with a coupon rate of 8.70 % , priced at 99 19\/32 to yield 8.903 % through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp .
When Westinghouse Electric Corp. shuttered its massive steam turbine plant in Lester , Pa. , three years ago , it seemed like the company had pulled the plug on its century-old power generation business .
Harry Manion , Mr. Sala 's attorney , says his client denies any wrongdoing and adds that the attorney general 's contentions about First Meridian 's business practices are incorrect .
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage-backed securities were up about 1\/8 point .
Its previous proposal had conditioned rate limits on Seabrook operations and other contingencies .
We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe .
Three Soviet government officials -- the ministers of railroads , of foreign economic relations and of heavy-machine building -- will visit Tehran next month for talks , Iran 's official news agency reported .
WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today .
This is the first time I 've seen something I could imagine a lot of people using . ''
`` It 's not a blanket commitment , it 's a case-by-case situation , '' says Albert Disposti , a managing director of Merrill Lynch Money Markets Inc .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd. , which owns the Counter Spy Shop and others like it -- already put warning labels in their catalogs informing customers of the one-party law .
But Japanese investors say that their reluctance to invest stems not only from concerns about Mexico 's economic outlook , but also reservations about Mexico 's recently revamped investment law .
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before interest , tax and depreciation by $ 100 million , and that Eastern 's plan presented no comfort level , according to a source present at yesterday 's session .
For those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership , the owners ' group is considering a special sale where established horse breeders would sell a 50 % stake in horses to newcomers .
What brought the naval issue to a head is that the Crusaders are literally falling apart , without any immediate plan to replace them .
West Virginia , home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd , would receive $ 21.5 million -- four times the military 's request .
Intelogic holds 27.5 % of Datapoint 's common shares outstanding .
Mr. Sugarman has in turn contended that the other major shareholder group -- whose interests are represented by three other directors connected to trusts in the name of the children of the company 's founder , James Patterson -- has ties to a competing fast food chain , Wendy 's International Inc .
Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever , Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell 's `` For Free '' -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist , to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas 's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing , `` Deep Peace . ''
`` Ford wants { Jaguar } very much . ''
The firm is getting about 50 calls a day , and the average call lasts about 15 minutes .
However , the maximum coupon at which the notes can be reset is 16 1\/4 % .
Another possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor who might try to force the ouster of the board through the solicitation of consents .
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages .
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported .
All told , there are assets on the line valued at up to $ 1.03 billion .
Carmine Grigoli , chief market strategist for First Boston , who still says , `` We expect the Dow average { to be at } 3000 by mid-1990 , '' nonetheless foresees a sluggish economy in the meantime .
That may soon change .
All kinds of landmark Texas real estate has been snapped up by out-of-staters .
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup .
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... .
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 .
Worried by European Community directives that will remove many of the barriers to cross-border insurance services , starting in mid-1990 , insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars .
Most economists expect the slowing U.S. economy to curb demand for imports .
U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million , to $ 9.49 billion , and its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million , to $ 8.79 billion .
As rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the San Francisco Bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last Tuesday 's tremor .
The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated .
The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % .
Dealers noted that the foreign exchange market 's initial bearish reaction to the U.S. trade figures was tempered later by a `` calmer reassessment of the data . ''
`` But I 'm recognizing there 's a good chance they 'll do a bit better than that , '' she says .
Soviet companies needing Western currencies to buy equipment and supplies abroad will be able to submit bids .
Mr. Akerson said MCI recorded `` another solid cash positive quarter , '' its fourth in a row , but declined to comment on whether the company is considering a dividend or is planning any acquisition .
`` It is very clear that those buy orders came from people who wanted their franchise protected , '' said one Chicago-based futures trader .
The state examiner also said supervisors of a parallel federal examination seemed so reluctant to demand write-downs of Lincoln 's bad loans that he immediately grew suspicious .
Cardinal Scientific Inc. of Waldorf , Md. , seeks a Small Business Innovation Research grant to produce a `` nozzle assembly for an Army mass delousing outfit .
Strokes , heart attacks , leg pains ( intermittent claudication ) and other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits .
Net income at Sears 's Dean Witter Financials Services group , meanwhile , rose nearly 32 % to $ 35.7 million , reflecting improvements in its basic stock brokerage and Discover credit card businesses .
That gain was mostly offset by a loss of about $ 55 million from a write-down in its polysilicon business .
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . ''
On Monday , U.S. officials received a routine , unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama .
Stung by higher marketing costs and slowing volume growth , the giant Coke bottling operation said net fell to $ 12.7 million , or six cents a share , from $ 39.9 million , or 26 cents a share , the year earlier .
Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks .
White Females
Mr. Lawrence says the exchange is updating some procedures to make speedier payments on claims .
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages .
Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb are `` anywhere close '' to arranging financing and that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again .
`` There 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate hospitalization , '' he said .
The company said it expects to release third-quarter results in mid-November .
A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team .
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said .
But at a meeting last week , Tom Donovan , the Board of Trade 's president , told commodity lawyers : `` Dual trading is definitely worth saving .
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made .
`` We are in a transitional phase from being a Japanese company to becoming an international company based in Japan , '' says Mr. Muramatsu , the executive vice president .
Even as the stock market has generally done well this year , IBM 's shares have slipped steadily from its 52-week high of $ 130.875 .
Exabyte Corp. , a Boulder , Colo. , maker of high-capacity tape cartridge systems used to back up computer disk drives , started OTC trading with the symbol EXBT .
`` The next level down did doors .
He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 .
Revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 11 % , to $ 838 million from $ 752.9 million .
Last week , Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to `` impose a little bit more discipline '' by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget .
The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries .
Even at such rates , black marketeers have been able to make big profits because of the dire shortage of consumer goods here .
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational .
The company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays , despite sporadic power .
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.08 % 120 days ; 7.98 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days .
Frank Mingo Dies at 49
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing .
Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % , but that was after three months of declines .
The U.S. automotive loss was a sharp reversal for a company that had reeled off 12 consecutive quarters of improved earnings until the 1989 second quarter .
For there is an emerging protocol -- indeed , an etiquette -- to it .
Bush administration officials appear increasingly concerned that Mr. Greenspan is cautious to a fault .
`` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . ''
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year .
By 1982 , he was selling thousands of tires .
Many investors have nagging worries , however .
Since Mr. Shevardnadze 's proposals followed discussions with Mr. Baker , speculations arose that the Bush administration was seeking an accommodation with the Soviets in Central America .
Interest in the abortion issue is so great that the Hotline , a daily , computer-distributed political newsletter , comes up with a spinoff product called the Abortion Report dealing solely with its political implications .
Investors poured $ 2.8 billion more into money-market mutual funds in the latest week despite further declines in yields .
`` I 've been struggling against that for years , '' says Jonathan Rodgers , who runs WBBM-TV , the CBS-owned station in Chicago .
In Chicago yesterday , Options Clearing confirmed that it guarantees the Pacific exchange options .
Mr. Hardis said truck-fleet operators appear to be cautious about buying new trucks until they see how the economy behaves .
In the first 25 minutes after his office 's telephone service was restored yesterday morning , 17 potential clients had called seeking the services of the self-proclaimed King of Torts .
The company is still negotiating the sales of the other four units and expects to announce agreements by the end of the year .
Futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume .
Mr. Goodfellow has started a Menlo Park , Calif. , company called Anterior Technology that provides human editors for public electronic networks .
If approved , the sale is expected to close by year 's end , with the spinoff occurring by the end of 1992 .
A committee of gem dealers investigates the source of some `` hot '' blue topaz stones recently reported by a Hong Kong jewelry manufacturer .
We never care about Said or the `` hypocrites '' he hunts .
Earthquake 's Damage
He will retain the honorary title of non-executive chairman .
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer .
`` We were just surprised , '' says Tad Inada , NASDA 's director for international affairs .
`` I think it 's to Fox 's advantage to be associated with the Paramount-MCA venture , '' said Michael Conway , station manager of WTXF , the TVX station that is a Fox affiliate .
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million .
But most of them , led by Morgan Stanley & Co. , moved back in earlier this year .
The OAS , which tries to promote peace and economic development within the Americas , is attempting to find a settlement of the current Panama political crisis .
The government will penalize offenders , but wo n't confiscate property .
Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region .
Graduate students are taking longer than ever to get their doctor of philosophy degrees , the National Research Council says .
But quick turnover in artwork is `` like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % .
But , while the Soviets ca n't expect direct technology flow from Japan , they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise .
Both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 1989 , although the amount for peace-keeping shows a 27 % cut from the administration 's request .
If there is no moral prohibition that expressly forbids it , full speed ahead .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Shareholders ' funds as of July 31 were estimated at more than A$ 1 billion , Mr. Skase said , compared with A$ 725 million a year earlier .
DPC said it could n't comment on the suit .
But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others .
Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us .
Qintex Australia owes creditors around A$ 1.2 billion .
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network .
`` Thank God we have some deal on the table , '' said Stewart Gilchrist , a director at Scottish Amicable Investment Managers , which intends to vote its roughly 1 % stake in favor of the restructuring .
Overall , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 74.4 million , or $ 1.73 a share , for the three months ended Oct. 1 compared with a loss of $ 41.4 million , or 98 cents a share , a year earlier .
The rest were withdrawn for lack of acceptable bids . )
Arkla Exploration owns sizable gas and crude-oil reserves in the South and Southwest .
In Singapore , per-capita consumption is about one-third that of the U.S. .
Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber would avoid Union Camp .
The lowly agent , Abel Lamb , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio .
The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely .
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's .
Cadillac may be on to something .
Paribas said it will bid 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 1,800 francs for those created July 1 , which are eligible for partial dividends .
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here .
But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides .
The fund also might buy and sell futures and options contracts , subject to approval by the New York State Insurance Department .
Little money has been returned to upgrade Pemex 's aging facilities .
Mr. Allen began it with a warning to his hosts , a California church group that opposes rights for homosexuals .
Try as they might , the Communists could neither replace nor break him .
Serial bonds were priced at par to yield to 6.90 % in 2000 .
Open it and two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page , pleadingly .
Last year the public was afforded a preview of Ms. Bartlett 's creation in a tablemodel version , at a BPC exhibition .
The rationale for responding to your customers ' needs faster than the competition can is clear : Your company will benefit in terms of market share , customer satisfaction and profitability .
Essentially , he ca n't make any hostile moves unless he makes a tender offer at least $ 300 a share .
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading .
Mr. Beddall had been executive vice president of the division since April .
I think that I 'm elected to represent the people that sent me here .
Tenneco Credit Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % senior notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.625 to yield 9.324 % .
Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral .
Property Capital Trust said it dropped its plan to liquidate because it was n't able to realize the value it had expected .
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
The 1990 plan also assumes inflation will decline to 1.7 % by 1994 .
After the HUD and S&L stories broke , some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble .
This is a fact and not the product of some environmental doomsayer or a group 's ploy to create a market .
The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory .
He said Westmoreland is looking at investment stakes in other cogeneration plants east of the Mississippi River .
We cruise toward another set of pilings .
For the nine months , Ethyl said net fell 2 % to $ 168.7 million , or $ 1.40 a share , from $ 172.2 million , $ 1.42 a share , a year ago .
Although the Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today , the Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed unless Congress and the president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling .
`` But they have n't yet drawn the operational policy conclusions . ''
Yields on certificates of deposit at major banks were little changed in the latest week .
`` Nobody was expecting this size of a loss , '' said Paul Karos , an analyst with First Boston Corp .
Although he says he was n't keen on going , last year he attended a New York gala where his daughter made her debut .
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad .
( A Fortune article on Saul Steinberg was entitled , `` Fear and Loathing in the Corporate Boardrooms . '' )
Chemical said deposits Monday were about $ 5 million higher than usual and it expects more activity as investors receive the proceeds from sales of stock .
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks .
DEC shares rose $ 1.375 to $ 89.75 apiece in consolidated New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 16 , 1989 , through Oct. 19 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 24 .
Decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs .
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news .
Rearding the suit over the bank bid , Mr. Peterson says it is filled with `` inflammatory language and half truths . ''
NBC has on previous occasions considered replacing cartoons with a Saturday version of `` Today , '' which is produced by NBC News .
Year ended April 30 , 1989 :
Ideologues on the other side of the border can also slow the process .
The basket products are `` an evolutionary step '' in solving problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 1987 market crash , said SEC Commissioner Joseph Grundfest .
Still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino .
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar .
To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies .
When the company this month announced lower-than-forecast sales of Easy Eggs , the stock dropped nearly 19 % .
That 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks .
`` I thought { the drawing } a cross between someone you 'd spot whipping open his trench coat ... or a guy who boasted he 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years , '' he said .
The rub , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before .
Leonard Matthews , then-president of the American Association of Advertising Agencies , called Mr. Achenbaum a `` quisling '' in an incendiary 1987 speech .
`` There is n't any doubt that the thread of the '86 code has been given a mighty tug , '' says Rep. Thomas Downey ( D. , N.Y . ) .
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . ''
`` But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . ''
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said it applied to Taiwanese securities officials for permission to open brokerage offices in Taipei .
He remains chairman , but wields little power at the company .
At a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center , the opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention .
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
Ms. Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected .
The fund last had a profit in 1985 .
Companies might be able to tell salespeople daily , for instance , about idle equipment , so they could offer discounts on whatever that equipment produces .
He admits he has no story on any of them on these occasions .
The Robertson Stephens Index of 340 emerging growth stocks is up 23.1 % for the year through Friday .
Major European auction houses are turning increasingly to specialized sales .
A former chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute fellow .
His company , without any major effort , sells more machines in China than in Japan .
Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names .
A whole morning of ballooning and I had been off the ground barely 30 minutes .
Japan does n't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country , they said .
Honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder , and the power of a V-6 .
Hyundai and Daewoo seem unconcerned about the SsangYong threat , but Kia , the scrappy No.3 auto maker , is selling four-wheel-drive vehicles through its Asia unit .
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales .
`` I 'm hopeful that we 'll have further discussions , '' Mr. Hahn said .
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 .
Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand .
`` They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... .
When a certain class of investment performs so poorly that its reputation is tarnished , look for Wall Street to give it a new moniker .
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better .
GTE Corp. and MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter .
Separately , Mr. Cayne of Bear Stearns said his firm is working with regulators to balance margin requirements to `` enhance stabilization . ''
The Beverly Hills , Calif.-based company said it would have 26.9 million common shares outstanding after the offering .
This is the commercial version .
Ad Notes ... .
CRRES is a joint NASA-Air Force satellite to study the effects of space radiation on micro-electronic components .
`` Just because a particular element of the firm is down , '' such as stockbrokerage , `` does n't mean the executive committee should be paid less , '' he said .
The suit , which seeks class-action status , was filed in Delaware Chancery Court .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs .
It astounds me he can rationalize his self-righteous and greedy actions in Utah .
Still , Merkur 's demise is a setback for Ford at a time when the company 's image as the U.S. auto maker with the golden touch is showing signs of strain .
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House .
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues .
Fireman 's Fund Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 85 % to $ 7.2 million from last year 's $ 49.1 million , or 99 cents a share , because of ravages of Hurricane Hugo and increased reserves for legal expenses .
The Better Business Bureau of San Diego and the state Attorney General 's office entered into a settlement stemming from an investigation of bureau-sponsored business directories published by an outside firm , Better Book Inc .
The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne .
The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago .
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % , while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47 % for a yield of 7.85 % .
But the strategy is n't helping much this time .
Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship .
UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent .
She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans .
`` If you sit down all the time , you 'll go stiff , '' says Joyce Hagood , a Roxboro , N.C. , homemaker who walks several miles a week .
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today .
Despite the informal nature of the session and the calculated effort to hold down expectations , the meeting could pay significant political dividends for both leaders .
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image .
WATKINS-JOHNSON CO. , defense-oriented electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 292 million , NYSE , minor damage to headquarters and plant in Palo Alto , no damage to San Jose plant , `` still assessing '' damage at Scotts Valley plant , where main product is furnaces for semiconductor production .
The effort to create the nation 's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion offer .
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America .
General Dynamics Services Co. , a unit of General Dynamics Corp. , won a $ 48.2 million Army contract to establish maintenance facilities for tracked vehicles in Pakistan .
Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non-food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write-downs .
A young man called July ( that 's when he was born ) , who works at the railroad station just up the street from the Orange Workers office , points at the whitewalled building and says matter-of-factly , `` We 're not allowed in there , that 's all I know . ''
A capital-gains tax cut might be paired with such measures to help ensure passage .
While by no means the highest crime community in the country , New York is a prime example of a city where crime strangles small-business development .
But he said ice samples from Peru , Greenland and Antarctica all show substantial signs of warming .
After a four-year , $ 7.7 billion acquisition binge that brought a major soft-drink company , soda bottlers , a fast-food chain and an overseas snack-food giant to Pepsi , Mr. Calloway said he does n't expect any major acquisition in the next year or so .
Qintex Australia Ltd. , a media and resorts concern controlled by Australian entrepreneur Christopher Skase , announced a plan to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems .
The farmer stands to go .
Recently , Japan has been buying copper elsewhere .
Dow Jones industrials 2645.08 , up 41.60 ; transportation 1205.01 , up 13.15 ; utilities 219.19 , up 2.45 .
`` And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters .
Today , the Treasury Department will sell $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction .
The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers surrounding the changing of the guard at Lehman Bros. and other grand old firms .
This is a classic example of the old saying , `` The whole is greater than the sum of its parts . ''
A 35-nation environmental conference opened in Sofia , Bulgaria .
In his office overlooking the runway of Shannon Airport , Mr. Ovcharenko enthusiastically throws out what he calls `` just ideas '' :
Yesterday , in an interview , he added that the Democrats ' decision `` increases the likelihood that a capital-gains tax cut will not pass this year . ''
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill .
The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands .
Is n't this the same guy who resigned as Navy secretary because he could n't get his 1,000-ship Navy ?
`` It would also help us in our search for equity partners .
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 .
But we like to call it ` controlled chaos , ' '' said 47-year-old Robert J. Jacobson Jr. , grandson of the firm 's founder .
The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising .
Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner , who earlier fueled the anti-takeover fires with his quasi-xenophobic attacks on foreign investment in U.S. carriers , now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets .
Among possible delays , the sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half .
The idea of a child-as-required-yuppie-possession must be motivating them , since the wealthy offspring of their friends are shown to be rude brats , in therapy by age five .
Those are unwelcome trends in a year that the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen 23 % so far , even with the 190.58-point plunge on Oct. 13 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood .
They will have to throw their hat in the ring . ''
The stock closed yesterday at $ 33.625 , giving Mr. Icahn 's 33.6 million shares a value of $ 1.13 billion .
Birtcher Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with C.R. Bard Inc. , a Murray Hill , N.J. , maker of health-care products , for the purchase of the company 's Bard\/EMS Electrosurgery division for about $ 11 million .
The Dalai Lama , who was just awarded the Nobel Peace Prize , lives in exile in India .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) :
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward-rate agreements that failed to envision an interest-rate environment where short-term rates were equal to or higher than long-term rates .
Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like `` Connecticut and Long Island , '' sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet , a division of General Motors Corp .
In 1987 , an average 19.7 % of Big Board volume was retail business , with the monthly level never more than 21.4 % .
Conservative Republicans will be given the choice of supporting or fighting their party 's popular president in an election year .
She was the only staff physician available to treat AIDS patients last summer and now she has the help of only two doctors part time .
Second , the World Bank 's recent $ 75 billion capital increase -- $ 14 billion from the U.S. -- has left the IMF feeling less than first fiddle among international financial institutions .
`` In the long run , the { stock } prices will go up . ''
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage .
Many retailers are worried that a price war could erupt this Christmas if cash-strapped firms such as Campeau slash prices to spur sales .
Some conservatives say Mr. Bush should n't make the trip , during which he will participate in Costa Rica 's celebration of 100 years of democracy .
He said Du Pont holds about 23 % of the world-wide market , the largest single share , at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply , although others are now adding low-cost production capacity .
Digital also plans to compete fiercely with IBM when the giant 's customers are computerizing new aspects of their businesses .
The closing , affecting 266 employees , will continue at least until roads are cleared .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.20 % 45 to 67 days ; 8.325 % 68 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
Now , the firm says it 's at a turning point .
U.S. Memories Inc. , the venture that seeks to crack Japan 's domination of the memory-chip market , said it has chosen four potential sites for its operations after a fierce bidding war by 15 states .
I was in the avenues , on the third floor of an old building , and except for my heart ( Beat , BEAT ! ) I 'm OK .
The adoption agency insists on introducing the adopting parents to the birth mother , so Linda and Michael pay for pregnant Lucy 's ( Ms. Masterson ) bus ticket from Ohio .
In Thursday 's edition , it was incorrectly indicated that the union had paid a fee to former House Speaker Jim Wright .
Litigation consulting had arrived .
A Newport Beach law firm started the pay-as-you-go legal service , called Telelawyer , using MCI Communication Corp. 's toll-tele-phone service .
Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area .
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired .
Officials of PS of New Hampshire could n't be reached for comment .
Healthsource Inc. -- Two million common shares , via Kidder , Peabody & Co .
`` He makes snap judgments , '' says Kiyotaka Kori , the art gallery 's manager and Mr. Morishita 's secretary for more than seven years .
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) said Sen. Cranston volunteered to appear before the House committee , if necessary .
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said .
`` I find myself in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , '' the judge wrote back in a letter attached to the grand jury 's report .
He adds : `` Once both sides feel comfortable , it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East .
This is a story about suckers .
Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places .
JCKC :
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw-materials price index for September .
UNR recently emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings that left 64 % of the reorganized company 's common stock in the hands of trustees of an asbestos-disease claims trust .
For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income .
Storehouse gained 2 to
`` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings Institutions .
According to an analyst , Cuba ca n't meet all its shipment commitments and has asked Japan to accept a delay of shipments scheduled for later this year , into early next year .
The vaccine , however , causes allergic reactions that can be fatal .
Last year , 43 million tons of desert were moved from one dune to another to recover 934,242 carats , which comes to 46 tons of sand per carat , or one-fifth gram .
Although legislative lines can result in under-inclusion ( which explains why the SEC has long resisted a legislative definition of insider trading ) , judicial lawmaking inevitably creates uncertainty because of the shadowy outer edges and implications of most judicial decisions .
A daily news briefing from the company librarian , for example , would have a distinctive format on the screen , just as a paper version would have .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold dropped $ 1.60 to $ 367.10 an ounce in moderate trading .
The Members know they 're doing wrong , but they need help to restrain their darker compulsions .
I welcome the emphasis that is now being put on the drug problem .
For all historians and most journalists , this admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles .
The two sides do n't even agree about how much money is at issue .
MacNamara Clapp & Klein , a small New York shop , is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications .
To ensure the loyalty of the business sector , Mr. Gorbachev may offer concessions and powers that will allow the business community to preserve its own interests , probably by restricting competition .
The former executives were indicted last October on charges of fraud , theft and conspiracy related to efforts by the company to win $ 400 million in Postal Service contracts .
The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who was implicated by former arbitrager Ivan Boesky , and then pointed the finger at Mr. Sherwin , takeover speculator Salim B. Lewis and corporate raider Paul Bilzerian .
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland .
Once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or `` strike price , '' of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar .
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer .
`` Generally , when New York and California go one way , it has a tremendous influence on other states , especially small ones , '' said Mr. Rheingold .
Brands made by the Kraft General Foods unit of Philip Morris Cos. had about 95 % of the market share .
Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses .
The discounting , say fast-food operators , occurs on a scale and with a frequency they have n't seen before .
Some of the lawyers say they would continue to represent their clients if the government pays their tab as court-appointed lawyers .
Archive Corp. said it expects to report net income for its fiscal year ended Sept. 29 of a record $ 15 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up 43 % from $ 10.5 million , or 80 cents a share , for the prior year .
His resignation follows a hostile takeover of the ad agency in May by WPP of Britain .
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us . ''
It should have happened sooner , '' said Elizabeth Glaser , a Los Angeles mother and activist who contracted the AIDS virus through a blood transfusion , and transmitted it to two of her children .
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money .
`` It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , `` but it is n't going to be a bust either . ''
He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable and VCRs , grab millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later .
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes .
In March , the group disclosed it held a 7.2 % stake in Anacomp for investment purposes .
The company estimated that the transaction would enhance its book value , which stood at $ 28.55 a share on Sept. 30 , by more than $ 100 million , or about $ 4 a share .
The mask cuts to the quick .
Foreign Bonds
John Fitzsimmons , chief executive officer of Data Systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year .
They said previous earthquakes suggested that multiple-column viaducts would stand up well , although they were working on ways to bolster them .
This is raising eyebrows .
The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed , and Iowa and Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams .
The investment boom is mainly sparked , they say , by strong domestic demand and is n't likely to increase exports sharply .
Sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself .
Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares .
It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California , Arizona and the Chicago area .
Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .
Mr. Miller repeated that in the next six months he plans to sell another $ 200 million to $ 300 million of assets to repay debt and reduce interest costs at Wang , a minincomputer maker in Lowell , Mass .
The company suffered a loss of $ 270 million in 1985 , but its financial situation has been improving since then .
But it is n't clear why that should be so .
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti-drug programs .
David Tagg , formerly in charge of gambling operations , was appointed chief executive for retailing and property .
The Cypress reinforcement project itself was part of an annual effort to shore up structures believed vulnerable to earthquakes .
Rafael Carrion Jr. , chairman of Banco Popular , will be the chairman of the holding company .
The other scenario assumes that Beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months .
Moreover , the Bank follows a prudent provisioning policy and has set aside $ 800 million against possible loan losses .
That 's more than 10 times the usual housing site size .
For example , officials at Walnut Creek office learned that the Amfac Hotel near the San Francisco airport , which is insured by Aetna , was badly damaged when they saw it on network television news .
If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead , it may signal that the market is in for rough times .
-- The charts show how househld assets have been distributed over time .
Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 98 10\/32 , up 10\/32 ; and Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 1\/2 , up 1\/4 .
Said 's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser , whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952 .
They contend that SCI TV 's equity now is worthless .
Separately , Ford said it will offer $ 750 cash rebates to buyers of its 1990-model Ford Bronco sport utility vehicle .
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3416.81 , up
PAY FOR PERFORMANCE hangs mostly on boss 's subjective view .
Guarantee by Credit Lyonnais .
Besides that , some of the paintings that were to grace the walls of CenTrust actually ended up hanging in the chairman 's estate on La Gorce Isle off Miami Beach .
He added gross margins and operating profit `` eroded quite dramatically '' from the prior quarter , along with sales of existing software product lines like Multimate and Framework .
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8485 marks late Wednesday , and at 141.70 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday .
Western tourists in the Soviet Union who could exchange a dollar -- albeit illegally -- for about four rubles a year ago are now being offered 15 rubles or more .
Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers .
Congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did .
But do n't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket .
`` Climate varies drastically due to natural causes , '' said Mr. Thompson .
And he says he 's learned a lesson : `` You always have to watch out for yourself .
After San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the soundness of buildings , Los Angeles dispatched 32 inspectors to help .
The NIH is asking grant recipients and others for comments on the proposed guidelines until Dec. 15 .
McCaw 's bid also has a similar clause .
It was the first time in seven years that Moscow has n't joined efforts , led by Moslem nations , to expel Israel from the world body , and was viewed as a sign of improving Soviet-Israeli ties .
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
He said that even though virtually all corn seeds currently planted are hybrids , the genetic approach will obviate the need for mechanical emasculation of anthers , which costs U.S. seed producers about $ 70 million annually .
Then it turned up , and by one estimate the number will be up to about 109,000 regulators by next year .
Traders said today may be an anxious day for the market .
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader .
One of the group 's first projects is a `` procrastination hot line '' that students could call when they have an urge to delay studying .
Per-share net rose to 55.10 yen from 54.51 yen .
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines .
Next 's decision to rely on the more-established hard drive in every Next computer does n't signal a retreat from optical storage , said Mr. Jobs , who for years has said this technology will play a crucial role in the next decade .
Now , apparently , they do .
But sales to consumers have become difficult during the past several months , even in West Germany , which has been by far Commodore 's strongest market .
In an unusually candid article about the latest economic woe -- unemployment -- Pravda yesterday reported that three million Soviets have lost their jobs as a result of perestroika and the number could grow to 16 million by the year 2005 .
I agree with Mr. Lehman 100 % !
Michael Maynard offered the world a faster way to break eggs .
Michael Burns , president of Telesystems , says his concern has only benefited from the publicity surrounding the case , noting that three other charities have signed on as clients because they were impressed with the amount he raised for National Children 's .
It is music for people who want to hear something different but do n't want to work especially hard at the task .
Stocks have a place in an investors ' portfolio along with real estate , bonds , international securities and cash , he says .
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager .
Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies and drought-related costs in its potato business .
The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week .
The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion-2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports .
The system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems , among other things .
Accounting problems raise more knotty issues .
Sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners .
Typical of other experiments , Mr. Oriani said his experiment was `` very erratic . ''
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Olin closed at $ 58.50 a share , down 25 cents .
`` There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk .
Another problem was a 7 % increase in operating costs at a time when revenue was rising by only 2 % .
The NFL Players Association , meanwhile , contends that athletes are paid a wage commensurate with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries .
MIPS is a leader in what is known as reduced-instruction set computing , or RISC , a technology combining microprocessors and sophisticated software .
The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students .
`` The high score reflects the attempts to make underwear more of a fashion image business for both men and women . ''
Steel jackets of a type that may have prevented collapse of the columns of a 1.5-mile stretch of the Nimitz Freeway had been installed on at least a small test section of the double-decker highway last year by California 's Department of Transportation , employees familiar with the project say .
The financial equivalent of the sand used by those Armenian contractors is junk bonds and the leveraged buy-outs associated with them .
Most bond prices fell on concerns about this week 's new supply and disappointment that stock prices did n't stage a sharp decline .
Completion of Texaco 's acquisition of Tana is subject to government approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act .
He said certain volunteers developed kinds of antibodies associated with early AIDS .
It 's not an effort to steal the company '' in the middle of the night .
`` It does n't look nice on the outside while getting mealy inside . ''
Its advantage has been the peppy little Pride , sold as the Ford Festiva in the U.S. .
I was impressed by the perceptiveness of your Sept. 12 story `` Rural Enterprise : Tough Row To Hoe . ''
The commercial was absolutely silent .
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .
In a statement , Chairman Frank Shrontz asserted that the company `` faces significant challenges and risks , '' on both its commercial and government contracts .
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis .
A few days after that Sept. 17 game , Mr. Aikman broke a finger , sidelining him for weeks .
Ford is `` in the driving seat at the moment , '' observed Bob Barber , an auto analyst at brokers James Capel & Co .
As a result , many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug and , for the few exceptions , insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 6,400 a year .
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year .
Unless other rules are changed , the devaluation could cause difficulties for the people it is primarily meant to help : Soviets who travel abroad .
First Executive and troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line .
Investment bankers in Tokyo confirmed that Tokyu Department Store is one of several Japanese companies that has been approached by representatives of a management committee headed by Bloomingdale 's Mr. Traub .
They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships .
Total net income fell to 471.6 million rand ( $ 178.0 million ) from 515.4 million rand in the June quarter .
House Speaker Foley ought to deliver that promise .
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 .
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
But survivors earn more .
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .
Ohbayashi cited industry publications crediting Howell , currently capitalized at $ 2.2 million , with receiving orders valued at $ 225 million in 1988 .
That will bring the total for the year to 10 , from five during fiscal 1989 .
Mr. Lynch left Wang this summer for Oracle Systems Inc. , a software vendor .
`` But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff .
`` That was a disappointment '' and a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe , Mr. Stevens said .
They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states .
He 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most disgraceful institutions in American public schools .
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average .
It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives .
She said her employer ca n't afford the rate increases , and she fears she wo n't find another job with a benefit plan covering her ailment .
Located six miles northeast of Venice , the field contains 875 billion cubic feet of methane gas - one-tenth of Italy 's reserves .
At Backer Spielvogel , he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies ; aside from agency compensation issues , he helped Nissan , for example , come up with its positioning and pricing for its new Infiniti line .
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .
Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit .
Earlier this month IMA , an investment group that includes Chicago 's Pritzker family and First Boston Corp. , submitted a reduced bid for American Medical after it could n't finance its initial offer .
Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were `` relatively flat , sometimes choppy , '' the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % .
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars .
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business .
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation .
He made numerous trips to the U.S. in the early 1980s , but was n't arrested until 1987 when he showed up as a guest of then-Vice President George Bush at a government function .
Since the last time he traveled this way several months ago , he has recanted a series of bold forecasts of a recession .
By removing the hedges and some walls , the Bryant Park Restoration is opening it up .
Encouraged by the brisk performance , Mitsubishi plans to raise its per-share dividend to 3.50 yen from three yen .
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading .
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists .
He said he is `` very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days .
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects .
Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 40 million , or $ 1 to $ 1.05 a share , on sales of $ 650 million , for 1989 , the company 's third full year in business .
Earlier this year , Martin Feldstein , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , argued forcefully that a government that wants steady , stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies .
This is no longer true today . ''
It claims the Coast Guard failed to chart the rock and refuses to pay damages .
And if she and the Battery Park City Authority have their way , her horticulturally inept plan will soon go public as a real garden `` artwork '' in the downtown complex .
Phillips found and improved a yeast , `` Pichia pastoris , '' which made protein from natural gas-derived alcohol .
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle .
Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years .
`` At this time , we elected not to get involved because we have been able to satisfy our need { for DRAMs } from the market as a rule , '' said Ed Juge , Tandy 's director of market planning .
In fact , this is the best bargain available to someone traveling abroad .
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points .
And some fund groups said investors actually became net buyers .
They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year .
The discovery of the ozone `` hole '' over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations .
The first 10 pages of the 76-page Weekly Portfolio Perspective are completely blank , except for the page numbers .
Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division .
`` That 's still an improvement over last year , but it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit . ''
Instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates .
Tomorrow , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of two-year notes .
Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants .
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup .
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase .
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub .
Big Board traders praised the Jacobson specialists for getting through yesterday without a trading halt .
A bigger test will come next year if , as many analysts expect , bulk chemical prices slump in Europe .
`` People come to us saying they 'd like to be back where they were a few years ago , in a more collegial atmosphere , with less tension , '' says Stephen Waterhouse , managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd. , a financial district head-hunting firm .
Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds .
We were lucky .
He recently voted `` present '' when the committee authorized a subpoena to compel Mr. Keating to testify , then changed his vote to yes .
Mortgage-Backed Securities
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe .
`` No , darling , '' she said recently in her fluent , slightly affected English , during a trip East to promote Movieline 's national expansion .
At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people . ''
However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart .
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .
Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce `` Teddy Z '' is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing `` The People Next Door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season .
Japan had an unadjusted trade surplus of $ 1.82 billion for the first 10 days of October , down from $ 3.16 billion a year earlier , the Finance Ministry said .
Three years ago , the exchange took up residence in a space-age tower of steel and glass -- evocative of the kind of modern architecture that Britain 's Prince Charles has denounced .
Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims , but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe .
The food company , which has 720,000 warrants and about 2.9 million common shares outstanding , said it may increase the offer to purchase any or all warrants that are properly tendered .
The 1988 results include a $ 10.7 million charge stemming from a litigation judgment .
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index .
The answer seems perfectly clear .
At the news conference , Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment .
For all of fiscal 1989 , however , the average gross margin was 49 % , below the average 1988 gross margin of 51 % .
AEG AG and Siemens AG said they will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in January .
$ 100 million of 8 5\/8 % bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 8.74 % annually less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd .
But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air .
Now it 's dawning on them that they can be non-wealthy . ''
That `` business '' risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio .
The problem here , analysts say , is that if Paribas wins its 66.7 % , remaining Navigation Mixte shares will fall in value .
Just say the offices are tastefully appointed , '' he says .
Poland 's 2.7 million small private farms cover 76 % of its arable land .
Demand , he believes , is being met from overhang rather than new production .
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies .
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround from a year earlier , but net income would have dropped from the second quarter without a $ 37 million after-tax gain .
Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can .
Charles A. Pearce , 66 years old , will retire from his post as chief executive officer of this bank holding company effective Dec. 31 .
Sometimes , the ads attempt to raise money ; always , they try to boost good will .
That 's led industry executives to speculate that future product development will be driven more by technological innovation than by fashion whims -- especially among mass-market brands .
Defense Minister Jean-Pierre Chevenement told a meeting of the Anglo-American Press Association that the question of modernizing the Crusaders or buying used F18s is a `` political '' decision that he will make in due time .
And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market .
Ironically , many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9 .
`` We played catch-up in some areas , and sold off in some others . ''
Tokyo stocks closed higher in moderately active but directionless trading as the recent anxiety in world stock markets continued to fade .
Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it .
Shiny Nikes , cracked cement , media glory -- the foot race of the year .
`` There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says .
But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John .
Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food , clothing and shoes relatively cheap for visitors from these countries .
His estimate of 3.3 % for third-quarter GNP is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate .
The rise came a day after the year 's biggest drop on Monday , when the Nikkei fell 647.33 , or 1.8 % , in response to Friday 's 6.9 % plunge on Wall Street .
Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering .
For the quarter a year ago , Columbia reported earnings of $ 16.3 million , or 37 cents a share .
It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear .
He predicted Ford officials will meet with Jaguar executives in the next week to outline their proposed offer .
Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.3 million common shares , via Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co .
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents .
Centerior Energy Corp. said the Ohio Water Development Authority approved terms for two series of tax-exempt bonds to finance a water-pollution control and solid-waste disposal facilities .
A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information on insider trades as a stock-picking tool , individual investors and professional money managers contend .
More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports , and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated .
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position .
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share .
A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text .
Transport giant TNT , which owns half of one of the country 's two major domestic carriers , said the cost of the dispute had been heavy , cutting TNT 's profits 70 % to $ 12 million in the three months to Sept. 30 .
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products .
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co .
Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico .
As part of the agreement , Goodson also terminated the contract under which Ingersoll manages Goodson 's 66 newspapers , ending a long association between the two companies that has turned increasingly bitter recently .
Foreign debt falling outside the net of affected indebtedness -- which Mr. Stahl estimated at $ 12 billion -- would remain not subject to the debt arrangements .
The amalgamations are subject to regulatory approval and require approval by shareholders of ABM , Inca , United and Neptune at special meetings on Nov. 10 .
All are expected to reopen soon .
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash .
The building houses about 4,500 Chase workers , most of whom will be moved to downtown Brooklyn after the bank 's new back office center is completed in 1993 .
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas .
`` We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... .
Millicom Inc. said it is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in Pakistan .
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J .
The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant .
ABBIE ( cont'd. ) : `` I 'll always be with you , Jack .
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea .
He says it 's important for a new make to be as distinctive as possible while still retaining links to the parent company 's quality image .
The TVA 's huge $ 4 billion offering dominated attention in the new-issue market .
Mr. Ridley 's announcement set off a howl of protests from members of the opposition Labor Party , who accused the Thatcher administration of backing down on promised protection for a privatized company .
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded .
While his case may be extreme , it reflects the vulnerability of many small communities to domineering judges .
The baskets on the Big Board and CBOE -- which involve the actual S&P stocks , unlike the stock-index contracts currently traded on the Chicago futures markets , and index options on the CBOE -- will begin trading as critics step up their attacks on program trading and its contributions to the stock market 's wild price swings .
Among the provisions : Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15 .
Then she discovered that Quotron Systems Inc. 's Sacramento lines were down , because they are normally tied in through a system that goes through San Francisco .
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally .
The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers .
But excluding businesses acquired or sold , revenue was flat at about $ 1.24 billion .
The condition , known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia , leads to dizziness and fainting .
Grumman Corp. was given a $ 15 million Navy contract for aircraft-electronics improvements .
Since Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari took office last December , special agents have arrested more than 6,000 federal employees on charges ranging from extortion to tax evasion .
In recent years , though , a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares .
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street .
When the ruling was handed down , the vacationing president dispatched Chief of Staff John Sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself .
`` ` God has not yet ordained that I should have earnings , ' he tells his worried mother . ''
In a statement late yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific 's chairman , Robert D. Krebs , said that Santa Fe Pacific Realty would repay more than $ 500 million in debt owed to the parent before the planned spinoff .
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits .
It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares .
But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue .
( The official asked not to be named . )
The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity .
Secondly , the two companies found a similarity in their business and development philosophies and intend to cooperate in a range of activities from real estate to telecommunications .
Meanwhile , new-home sales plunged 14 % in the month .
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % .
Built into the statute are so-called design immunities , which are likely to protect government agencies , according to Mr. Ruvolo and Richard Covert , a lawyer with the California Department of Transportation , which oversees the damaged Bay Bridge .
By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures , this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet .
But top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 30 % or 40 % larger than those CBS usually gets .
His company , Misa Manufacturing Inc. , was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 and has since been liquidated .
He no longer crowds the plate .
The new accusations come at a delicate time in U.S. efforts to bring about talks between Israel and Palestinian representatives .
In 1987 , prosecutors filed against 35 defendants for every 100,000 adults .
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ?
Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect .
`` I never agreed to it , '' Mr. Alexander says , adding that `` it 's not necessary to pay these nuisance settlements . ''
Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million .
It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T. 's knights .
A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built .
Mr. Lombardo , the last of the defendants to settle the suit , agreed to pay the government the $ 250,000 within one week .
Most political analysts say that if Mr. Gandhi 's opposition unites to field single candidates in most precincts , the Congress ( I ) will lose big .
Further , McCaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks .
Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike .
One night both Marshall 's ghost and the shah 's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground .
In addition , a group of 24 industrialized countries , including the U.S. and Japan and coordinated by the European Community Commission , has promised Poland and Hungary trade advice and a line of credit equivalent to $ 1.11 billion through the European Investment Bank , while the EC plans $ 222 million in direct aid .
( They are Grace Energy Corp. of Dallas and Marine Drilling Co. of Houston . )
More bothersome , there are several apparent anachronisms .
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a ) I was in Southern California ; b ) the bed was moving ; c ) it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited .
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well .
Yesterday 's edition provided analysts ' estimates for the company when actual earnings were available .
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn .
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on TNT : `` Gary Cooper : American Life , American Legend . ''
Bonds issued by Kroger , Duracell , Safeway and American Standard also showed big gains , recovering almost all their losses from Friday and early yesterday .
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges .
The other two props -- earnings and the economic outlook -- are troubling , too .
`` Demand for these systems has been very , very strong , '' said Bill Grabe , a senior IBM marketing executive .
Only a few books fell in the reading room .
Each weekday matches a sponsor and a topic : On Mondays , Unilever N.V. 's Lever Bros. sponsors tips on diet and exercise , followed by a 30-second Lever Bros. commercial .
Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million .
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality .
Analysts predict a 3.5 % rise in the deflator , after climbing 4.6 % in the second quarter .
A pair of black skimmers zig-zag past close to the surface .
Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed .
And the Columbia , Md. , company may have to settle for a lower price , he adds .
AN UNRESOLVED two-year-old dispute stemming from an Alaskan oil spill has helped spur a drive for tougher federal laws to protect victims of such accidents .
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $ 32 a share .
Today , there are 77 units , all located in shopping malls .
Furthermore , she had insisted on paths so narrow ( five to eight feet ) and hedge corners so square that standard maintenance equipment -- trucks or cherry pickers -- could n't maneuver .
First , it had trouble manufacturing a chip for its mainframes , IBM 's bread-and-butter business .
`` In fact , savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings throughout the quarter , '' Deltec said .
The maker of computer workstations said a surge of government orders contributed to the increase .
B.A.T rose five pence ( eight cents ) to 756 pence ( $ 11.91 ) in London yesterday as a late market rally erased a 28-pence fall earlier in the day .
They also want U.S. trade policy to reflect the Pentagon and Commerce department 's concern over their future .
Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share .
You only have a privilege to practice . ''
Should USX be left with only Marathon , Mr. Corry might well feel pushed to scout out other energy companies .
Maidenform Inc. loves to be intimate with its customers , but not with the rest of the public .
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million .
A cutoff of U.S. military aid would merely abandon them to die in vain .
Kinder-Care Inc. was dropped from the consumer services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market index because the company split itself in a restructuring .
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full-sized vans .
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .
What 's worrying her supporters is that the economic cycle may be out of kilter with the political timetable .
The 41-year-old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once-moribund music division in his six years at the company .
Long dollar bonds were flat to up 3\/8 point .
`` You have to be born with it .
Arthur Fleischer Jr. , a takeover lawyer at Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson , notes that `` a political and emotional bias '' has developed against junk bonds .
Other weak blue-chip issues included Chevron , which went down 2 to 64 7\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.3 million shares ; Goodyear Tire & Rubber , off 1 1\/2 to 46 3\/4 , and American Express , down 3\/4 to 37 1\/4 .
It 's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement .
Thanks largely to the continued growth of the U.S. economy , the poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 1983 peak of 15.3 % , but the improvements have been modest in the past couple of years .
The chains include Bloomingdale 's , owned by Campeau Corp. , Toronto ; Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's , owned by B.A.T Industries PLC , London ; and B. Altman & Co. and Sakowitz Inc. , owned by Hooker Corp. , which is now being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator .
And three years later , in a sea of red ink , the heroes can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do . ''
Big Board short interest fell 4.2 % for the month ended Oct. 13 , the second decline in a row .
Who ya gon na call ?
In addition to undermining arguments in favor of ending Contra aid , Mr. Ortega 's remarks also played to the suspicions of some U.S. officials and conservatives outside the government that he is searching for ways to manipulate or void the February elections .
For most of the past nine years , he has striven to convince anti-abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position .
Sen. Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago and volunteered his testimony to fellow Democrat Rep. Henry Gonzalez .
As a result of the transaction , which is expected to be approved at a shareholders meeting Nov. 24 , Giovanni Agnelli & Co. will control 79.18 % of IFI 's ordinary shares .
Still , its edge is lost .
As of late yesterday , the IPO was still on .
The California pension fund , which has $ 16 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages , could be a valuable funding source for that development , although it is n't obliged to make further investments .
Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic , and he modeled his work on Western classics .
Engineers say it will take at least eight months to repair the Embarcadero structure .
While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost .
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season .
For the third quarter , net rose to $ 242 million , or $ 1.05 a share , from $ 144 million , or 63 cents a share .
For the 10-month fiscal year ended Sept. 30 , Chairman Eli Broad said he expected earnings results to approximate analysts ' estimates , which the company said have been revised upward to 80 cents a share .
Sam Yanes , a Polaroid spokesman , said `` I do n't know about disappointing , '' but added that the company has n't been able to get the product on the shelves of some mass-merchandise , discount retailers that it had hoped would be carrying the product already .
At one sales strategy meeting , an executive suggested ordering salespeople to become experts on the annual report .
First Brands Corp. , proposed offering of 6,475,000 common shares , of which 1,475,000 common shares will be sold by the company and five million shares by holders , via First Boston Corp. and Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd .
In addition , the company cited cost-reduction moves and interest income .
The proposed changes also would allow executives to report exercises of options later and less often .
At one point in the documentary , Mr. Sohmer , who is Jewish , says he felt rejected by many of the Protestants and Southerners he met at Yale .
Hassan comes to a bad end , but so does almost everyone else in the book .
By Wednesday , the outstanding October contracts amounted to 8,524 , representing about $ 1.13 billion in stock , noted Donald Selkin , head of stock-index futures research at Prudential-Bache Securities , who expects a volatile expiration today .
Democrats want to avoid having to make that choice by making the capital-gains tax cut an individual bill .
`` Once people got into it , I was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says .
In comparison , the sorts of sights offered in such places as Africa and America , though undoubtedly very exciting , would , I am sure , strike the objective viewer as inferior on account of their unseemly demonstrativeness . ''
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first-half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Following that announcement Tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate .
The latest period loss included a $ 12.9 pretax charge for severance payments .
That 's true of only 14 % of households headed by someone 60 or older .
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle .
Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. 17 .
Digital Equipment 's profit fell 32 % in the latest quarter , prompting forecasts of weaker results ahead .
William J. Montgoris , chief financial officer , defended the lofty salaries at Bear Stearns .
In contrast to previous estimates reckoning the default rate on junk bonds at 2 % or 3 % , a Harvard study published in April of this year ( and discussed in a lead story in The Wall Street Journal for Sept. 18 ) found the default rate on these junk bonds is 34 % .
The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares .
But operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million .
C. Barr Schuler , 49 , vice president and chief financial officer , was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions , a new post .
United Technologies Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million unsubordinated non-convertible unsecured debt securities .
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30-year-old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 .
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Santa Fe International Corp. , which is owned by Kuwait ( and is n't related to Santa Fe Southern Pacific 's unit ) , is stepping up development of a well off Texas ' Matagorda Island where it found gas in 1987 .
The House seriously considered raising the top tax rate paid by individuals with the highest incomes .
AM radio , which has been losing listeners to FM channels since the 1970s , approaches the 1990s with a diminished voice .
Over the next 20 years , California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country .
Osborn also operates Muzak franchises , entertainment properties and small cable-television systems .
Imperial Cup has annual sales of approximately $ 75 million .
Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights , there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it .
Hopefully , he 'll be the answer to the problems they 've had in New York . ''
Davis Polk & Wardwell also said its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy .
`` People are waiting for { new } factory giveaways , '' said Ben Kaye , sales manager of Bob Brest Auto World in Lynn , Mass. , whose sales are slow .
Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , `` They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte .
Asked what he would do differently on the morrow , Craig allowed that he might play his outfielders deeper , `` maybe on the other side of the fence . ''
But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : German reunification .
Amid the swirl of punitive rhetoric surrounding the issue , one critical question involves whether a federal death penalty , on top of existing state laws , would deter any would-be criminals .
`` Our felony caseloads have been consistent for 20 years , '' with about 15 % of all prosecutions going to trial , a department spokeswoman said .
The price of the second simulator ranges between C$ 16.4 million and C$ 18 million , CAE said , depending on when the Army exercises its option .
After all , she reasons , `` there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job . ''
Here in the Global Village , though , folks do not stay uninformed for long .
Stocks that suffered on the day were those with active U.S. operations , dealers noted .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Trinova closed at $ 32.125 , up 12.5 cents .
`` This is the best way to transfer technology straight off the campuses of universities . ''
The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much-larger Paribas .
But British analysts are beginning to link the issues .
But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares .
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance .
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted .
He suspects some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to catastrophes will discover that reinsurance was used up by Hurricane Hugo .
And she has this inexhaustible energy .
Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua .
Under the terms of the settlement , the limited partners would drop their civil suits against Drexel , now pending in federal court in New York , another individual said .
They are based on dubious psychological and sociological theories rather than on educational experience .
But only two-thirds of Lexus dealers are constructing new buildings according to the Lexus specs .
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products .
He has good control .
But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 .
Plans are under way to open a Tiffany 's in Hawaii to cater to Japanese tourists ; it will be run mostly by Mitsukoshi .
Sales rose 2 % to $ 437.5 million from $ 430.3 million .
Since the first fraud was discovered in July 1986 at an office of the People 's Bank of China in Shenzhen , 15 major cases have been found , the paper said ; the biggest was the theft of $ 235,000 from a bank in Chengdu in March 1988 .
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness .
Monday 's losers included railway , electric-utility and high-technology issues .
The raiders , meanwhile , have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions .
Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office .
Several big securities firms backed off from program trading a few months after the 1987 crash .
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
The legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said .
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
The group attributed the strong results to the favorable economic climate , rising demand for air travel and improved average yield ( revenue received per ton of traffic transported a kilometer ) .
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding .
Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift , he said , `` but we were able to respond much more quickly . ''
The two countries aim to reach an agreement by early December on a package of accelerated tariff cuts that would take effect early next year .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , fretting about increasing competitive pressure on Ryder , placed about $ 2.8 billion in company securities under review for possible downgrade .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $ 30 million by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases , and the judiciary will rely on another $ 32 million from bankruptcy charges , including a 33 % increase in the current filing fee .
The Journal also will offer expanded volume and frequency discounts .
In other active shares , Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading , while Hillsdown Holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases .
Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 .
Because the Sago is relatively rare and grows only a couple of inches a year , it 's a pricey lawn decoration : A two-foot tall Sago can retail for $ 1,000 , and taller ones often fetch $ 3,000 or more .
Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` South Pacific , '' is decidedly downtown .
`` You ca n't buy anything nowadays .
But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state .
He said the normal ratio is five to six weeks .
It also provides teachers with a superior self-definition as a `` profession , '' since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy .
Edward Chojnowski does .
FEDERAL JUDGE EXPANDS role of U.S. courts in extradition decisions .
`` We 're still interested { in diversifying } , '' he says , `` but we 'd rather be prudent than make a mistake . ''
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen .
Here are the net contributions of the components of the Commerce Department 's index of leading indicators .
`` There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , '' says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern .
The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona .
`` We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us . ''
Coniston , a New York investment partnership , awaits a vote by TW 's shareholders , scheduled for Friday , on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW .
The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares .
`` I do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , '' he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend .
Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction .
Credit Agricole ( CNCA ) ( French ) -- $ 250 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 21 , 1994 , priced at 101.80 to yield 8.77 % annually less full fees , via IBJ International Ltd .
The federal agency said that in the year through Oct. 21 production totaled 12,573,758 tons , up 7.1 % from 11,742,368 tons .
Fannie Mae also said James A. Aliber , chairman of First Federal of Michigan and a director since 1985 , moved up the date of his retirement from the board to accommodate Mr. Johnson 's election as a director .
The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs .
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .
The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve `` balance '' between the House and Senate .
Even the carefully calibrated machinery in its giant Fremont plant , to the north of the Valley , was believed to be undamaged .
Amtech , which makes an automated process system that improves the yields of semiconductor manufacturers , said profit for the year ended Sept. 30 rose to more than $ 800,000 from $ 446,000 last year .
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry .
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. dropped the most on a percentage basis , to 1,000 shares from 255,923 .
Consider Spendthrift Farm , a prominent Lexington horse farm that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year .
`` We 've started trying just about anything to keep sales moving in the stores , '' says Kim Renk , a Swank vice president .
But he emphasizes that Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa , the West German airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade .
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising .
Still , I figured the event 's envy-quotient back in the U.S.A. was near peerless .
Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said .
But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
In an interest-rate options contract , a client pays a fee to a bank for custom-tailored protection against adverse interest-rate swings for a specified period .
Avondale asked Travelers to defend it in the state proceeding , but the insurer did n't respond .
But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson 's `` two-hit '' theory .
Revenue was $ 613.7 million , up 18 % from $ 521.2 million a year ago .
Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been `` a meeting of the minds '' with the White House , and that the committee had given Mr. Bush `` a clean slate , '' free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years .
That compares with per-share earnings from continuing operations of 69 cents the year earlier ; including discontinued operations , per-share was 88 cents a year ago .
If that option is favored by gas buyers and regulators , Foothills said it would build another smaller pipeline connecting Mackenzie Delta reserves to the Alaska mainline .
The administration officials do n't ordinarily meet with the entire membership of the open market committee .
The cornflake-size product was more comfortable and less prone to falling out than hard contact lenses , which had been around since 1939 .
Israel Ortiz is only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs and their employees who will be injured or killed by crime this year .
The IRS offered no evidence of hidden sources of taxable income , so Judge Shields rejected its claims .
Sebastian Guzman Cabrera took over the oil workers union , Mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last January .
Lucy , of course , is pretty and smart , though uneducated .
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system .
The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares .
In the period just ended , computers accounted for 44 % of total sales , NEC said , and electrical devices made up 23 % .
The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid .
( A ratings point represents 904,000 television households ; shares indicate the percentage of sets in use . )
Mr. Noriega had learned that a local union leader was sleeping with the wife of his deputy .
`` Why was containment so successful ?
The official poverty threshold is set by the Office of Management and Budget .
But the fund 's size is disputed by Mr. Brown 's office , which estimates the fund holds from $ 630 million to $ 800 million .
OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily and the International Herald Tribune .
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures .
France 's industrial production index for July and August rose 1 % from June and was up 4.6 % from a year ago , according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute .
`` It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . ''
Meanwhile , Shearson Lehman 's Mr. Devario said that , to stay competitive , the U.S. paper industry needs to catch up with the European industry .
CMS is nearly done converting the Midland plant to a gas-fired cogeneration facility at a cost of $ 600 million .
Mario Mandina , president of Kansas City Lawyers for Life , says that if abortion foes succeed in using the preamble to escape prosecution for trespass , `` This will shut down abortion in Missouri .
`` It 's better to wait . ''
Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares .
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % , compared with 100 1\/32 to yield 7.97 % .
In addition , Black & Decker had said it would sell two other undisclosed Emhart operations if it received the right price .
`` It smacks of big brotherism .
-- Len Elliott .
The time is Pacific Daylight Time , and the initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves .
Sir James said Thursday night that his plans for the takeover had n't changed .
This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction , perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law or possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union .
Earnings continued to pace sales because of a lower tax rate , profit from the renegotiation of the debt instrument received from Faberge Inc. in connection with Lilly 's sale of Elizabeth Arden Inc. in 1987 , and net proceeds from the settlement of patent litigation at Lilly 's Hybritech Inc. unit .
Propper International Inc. got a $ 22.8 million Defense Logistics Agency contract for combat camouflage trousers .
Safeco fell 1\/8 to 32 5\/8 on 462,900 shares .
Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout . ''
Authorities in Honduras launched an investigation into the cause of Saturday 's crash of a Honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard .
My wife and I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first .
How easy it is To attack others ' views Without ever setting A foot in their shoes !
Buyers have to rely on a supplier `` continually upgrading and replacing the product , '' he says .
The lower interest income occurred because Schlumberger spent $ 1.2 billion buying back its stock last year .
The beginnings were modest .
Schwinn Bicycle Co. , Chicago , established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes .
Last year , third-quarter earnings included a $ 157 million gain from foreign tax rate changes and a loss from a $ 65 million write-off of reserves .
He says he has n't yet studied the Dellums bill , but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders `` would be ludicrous . ''
`` We can not wait on the government to make changes at its own pace , '' Mr. Sisulu said .
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower .
The Treasury said Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year .
It is considered an early signal of Fed credit policy changes .
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more .
So far this month , the Soviets have bought about 7.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn .
Certainly , the chancellor has made it clear that he is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further .
Profit at Sears 's Allstate insurance unit fell 38 % to $ 126.1 million because of Hurricane Hugo , which inflicted the greatest single storm damage loss in the company 's history .
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue .
IN LOS ANGELES , more small businesses ponder adopting a child-care policy .
In a civil suit commenced in state Supreme Court in New York , the agency alleged that the consumer-electronics and appliance discount-retailing chain engaged in deceptive advertising by claiming to have `` lowered every price on every item '' as part of an advertising campaign that began June 1 .
In 1956 , when Britain , France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal , Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe .
It said $ 10 million would go to the University of Toronto .
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said .
After college , he worked at his father 's insurance company in Little Rock , and in 1966 led an aborted attempt to buy the San Diego Chargers .
RJR 's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands , in particular , that are n't leaders in their markets .
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
Proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt at the beer and food concern , said Robert Vaux , vice president , finance .
At the same time , liberal and moderate Democrats note the irony of Mr. Bush 's joining a celebration of Costa Rican democracy at a time his administration has sought sharp cuts in U.S. aid to the tiny country .
Christopher Cox 's Oct. 13 editorial-page article `` Toward More Crippling Lawsuits ... '' misses the point .
Sam Ramirez and his men are late .
The declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year .
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 .
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group .
Mr. Furuta did n't disclose further details of the arrangement at a news conference , but said the project would be undertaken with Ford 's European subsidiary .
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it .
The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , `` It 's World War III . ''
`` You may have to sell your stocks at a time when the market takes a plunge , '' says Mr. Blankenship , a Del Mar , Calif. financial planner .
Soybean production swells 24 % .
Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days ( and in fact the president of the United States ) consider themselves environmentalists .
Speed is a component of quality -- one of the things we must deliver to satisfy customers . ''
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .
The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , discipline collapsed , and kids stopped learning .
Profit rose 38 % at American Express Information Services to $ 21.6 million .
Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position .
That cuts the risk , Mr. Gregory , the San Francisco money manager , points out .
Color Systems Technology Inc. , Los Angeles , said its major creditor , General Electric Pension Trust , agreed to convert $ 11.8 million of debt owed into 25 % of Color System 's fully diluted common stock .
Several engineering and research offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , but `` the bulk of the place is in pretty good shape , '' an official said .
Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies .
The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor .
The economy is showing signs of weakness , particularly among manufacturers .
However , even USX executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals .
Until his resignation , Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark .
`` They 'll be more timorous in tackling their own voters , like opening up more to agricultural imports from America , hurting their farmers . ''
Heating oil prices also rose .
`` They are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal . ''
`` The absurdity of the official rate should seem obvious to everyone , '' the afternoon newspaper Izvestia wrote in a brief commentary on the devaluation .
With the new service , American will fly 161 flights a week to 17 European cities .
Dealers said the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders ' meeting today .
Mr. McElroy , 54 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit .
In an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 30 million in receipts by having the Federal Bureau of Investigation charge for fingerprint services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase Pentagon costs in processing personnel and security clearances .
Revenue rose 25 % , to $ 877.6 million , from $ 702.4 million .
GM lawyers have been working with technicians to develop more uniform welding procedures -- the way a vehicle is welded has a lot to do with its durability .
Given the prelude 's thematic connections with the music preceding the last act , the idea is more worn than bad , though as luck would have it , for a change there actually was a conductor in the pit whom we wanted to hear , Carlos Kleiber , trying to make memorable music while we all waited for the bed lump to stir into song .
But Mr. Giuliani , a celebrated prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting , finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city .
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 .
China 's foreign trade has gone in cycles during the past decade .
So who knows ?
The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes .
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years .
CAE Industries Ltd. said its Link Flight Simulation division was awarded a contract by the U.S. Army for two helicopter simulators , which the company valued at as much as 37 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 31.5 million ) .
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame , Calif. , had been knocked out since the quake .
Ford predicted fourth-quarter net income will fall below the year-earlier level , partly because of a likely $ 500 million charge from the sale of its steel operations .
A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % .
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago .
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ?
As the Hunt brothers ' personal bankruptcy cases sputter into their second year , Minpeco S.A. has proposed a deal to settle its huge claim against the troubled Texas oil men .
When all else fails , Gucci Gulch -- the fabled halls of the Capitol inhabited by lobbyists and their imported shoes -- offers a welcome environment for fallen officials .
Inflation may be stable at the moment , running at about 4.5 % .
Utilities are a classic example : Even in recessions , people continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate .
It is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed .
The pound immediately began to take a buffetting after the resignations were announced .
The potential bill : more than $ 600 million for several seasons , an 80 % jump .
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value .
Bond prices rose .
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez .
It said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , comprising $ 85 million of these credits .
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition .
Between then and his bid on Oct. 5 , the price fluctuated between $ 75.625 and $ 87.375 .
Sales rose 18 % in the fiscal fourth quarter to $ 364.1 million from $ 307.9 million on the strength in semiconductors and other products .
If the White House is looking for another unconstitutional bill , Rep. John Dingell is trying again to raise the Fairness Doctrine from the dead .
Control Data said it expects its first RISC-based mainframe machine to be introduced next year .
Its suitor , McCaw Cellular , also added 1\/2 to 40 1\/2 on 395,700 shares .
Hunter Environmental Services Inc. said it reached a preliminary accord on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 40 million and assumption of related debt .
And they will again , say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme .
`` It will take several meetings to resolve this , '' said a spokesman for the Machinists union .
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . ''
So many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that Fanuc Ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant .
The protection from using married puts is clearly superior to that afforded by another options strategy some investors consider using during troubled times : selling call options on stocks the investor owns .
FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . ''
And , despite its image as a technology superpower , Japan has a lot of weaknesses .
Stelco Inc. said it plans to shut down three Toronto-area plants , moving their fastener operations to a leased facility in Brantford , Ontario .
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg .
Then , when the currency falls , interest rates are raised to attract financial flows in order to stabilize the exchange rate .
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 110.4 million from $ 105.4 million .
Yet that did n't eliminate program trading from the market .
The rig was built around 1980 , but has drilled only two wells , the last in 1982 .
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company .
During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high-yield bond portfolio .
Laboring in blue and gray overalls , they are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out crevices , and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds .
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks .
He adds that short-term comparisons `` can be very misleading because of differences in timing of marketing programs from year to year . ''
HBO has close to 24 million subscribers to its HBO and Cinemax networks , while Showtime and its sister service , The Movie Channel , have only about 10 million , according to Paul Kagan Associates , a Carmel , Calif. , research firm .
According to Chinese customs figures , import growth has slowed in recent months , dropping to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August from the year-earlier periods , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half .
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written .
Although working women are `` forced to wear the uniform of the day , to retain their femininity they are buying better quality , more upscale intimate apparel , '' he said .
The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business . ''
AZT is the world 's only prescription medicine approved for treating the disease .
Our traditional project loans have , for instance , supported sensible energy pricing in the power sector , sound interest-rate policies in the credit area and the operation of public utilities as efficient , autonomous agencies .
This picture is about a middle-aged son who makes sure that his delayed bond with his father will last by waiting to cement it until just before the old man dies .
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia .
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price .
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism .
Expects to be fully operational early next week .
Among other stocks involved in restructurings or rumored to be so : Holiday Corp. gained 1 7\/8 to 73 and Honeywell rose 2 7\/8 to 81 1\/2 .
But will it be enough ?
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ?
Traders attributed rallies in a number of stocks to a Japanese buy program that PaineWebber carried out as part of a shift in portfolio strategy , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .
And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush .
Meanwhile , like many other oil companies hurt by less-profitable downstream businesses , Mobil Corp. , Shell Oil Co. and Chevron Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings .
They added that market-makers were largely sidelined after aggressively supporting the market Thursday in their quest to cover internal shortages of FT-SE 100 shares .
Jayark , New York , distributes and rents audio-visual equipment and prints promotional ads for retailers .
PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million .
Further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the Information Technology Group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an undisclosed amount .
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake .
Of the proceeds , $ 500 million will be used to fund its tender offer .
`` I would be much happier if this volume { in German stocks } were in Frankfurt rather than London , '' says Dieter Bauernfeind , head of international equity sales at Dresdner Bank in Frankfurt .
The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene .
Chevron added 1 to 65 .
Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years .
The proposed changes , which are scheduled to be announced today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , according to federal officials .
Under federal law , if the court grants a preliminary injunction , the FTC must begin administrative proceedings to determine the legality of the proposed stock purchase within 20 days .
The bank was hamstrung in its efforts to face the challenges of a changing market by its links to the government , analysts say .
As is , blacks constitute 12 % of the population , but fewer than 2 % of elected leaders .
Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal .
He added that the Office of Management and Budget , the Transportation Department and other agencies are `` developing longer-term legislation '' that should be ready soon .
Just last week , would-be thieves damaged three Sagos at Mr. Whitelock 's home in the Eagle Rock section before something frightened them off , foiled .
Maybe the whole regional system is an anachronism ; the Fed , after all , is a national central bank .
All prices are as of Monday 's close .
In April , the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded .
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal .
Most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 44 % from 37 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said .
`` The eyes of the world were watching us .
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level .
`` We are saying this is the breaking point , this is the event that will change the psychology of the marketplace , '' said William Yankus , an analyst with Conning & Co. , a Hartford firm that specializes in the insurance industry .
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter .
Polly Peck , a fast-growing British conglomerate , will pay 15.6 billion yen ( $ 110 million ) for 39 million new shares of Sansui , a well-known maker of high-fidelity audio equipment that failed to adjust to changing market conditions .
Dow , of Midland , Mich. , said its unit will begin by Thursday a tender offer of $ 12.25 a share for all PSE common shares outstanding .
They are inevitably inclined to echo the conventional pap , since this is the least controversial option that is open to them .
The Census Bureau counts all cash income in determining whether families are below the line , but it does n't consider other government benefits , such as Medicare .
In place of the games , ABC said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups , except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night .
Arnold M. Katz
`` It took Zhao Ziyang ( former premier and party chief ) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing . ''
LMEYER :
Some Golenbock lawyers wo n't be invited to join Whitman & Ransom , according to partners at both firms .
The heart of the earthquake , 6.9 on the Richter scale , was 50 miles to the south , near Santa Cruz , but its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway , a major artery serving the Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco .
As for other export customers , the Soviet Union is n't expected to be back buying U.S. corn in significant amounts until early next year , he said .
In an interview with the trade journal Automotive News , Mr. Iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when Chrysler will make the moves .
The poverty rate of children under 18 years old dropped last year to 19.7 % from 20.5 % in 1987 , but remained far higher than a decade ago .
The U.S. Attorney 's office filed a criminal complaint against six bank employees charging them with conspiracy in the scheme , which apparently was capable of handling millions of dollars a week by funneling cash through fictitious bank accounts .
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % .
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way .
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted .
In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case .
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1\/2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake .
After years of mistrust born of Watergate , past misdeeds of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the Iran-Contra scandal , President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee appear ready -- for now , at least -- to trust each other when it comes to setting policy on covert activities .
He said the company has cut operating expenses by about 10 % over the last few quarters , while maintaining research and development at about 8 % to 9 % of sales .
Maybe Americans are just so annoyed with government that they are n't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while .
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels .
But in a letter sent in August to Asia Development , Schroders said the loan was terminated because the developer had failed to deliver adequate financial data and pay certain fees to the loan-management committee on time , according to officials close to the project .
And as of midyear , settled but unpaid claims amounted to $ 136 million -- more than half the trust 's total of $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities .
And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates .
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group .
But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe .
The offer , set to expire Nov. 1 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request , the companies said .
I 've learned the hard way that too much booze Takes revenge the next day about nine ; No wonder I say , `` I drink to your health '' -- It certainly is n't to mine !
The chamber also sent to Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station .
`` Now , we 're going to sell to men . ''
He cited the example of San Francisco 's financial district , where many new glass towers survived almost unscathed .
Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs , and Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid .
The FBI initially showed little interest , and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape .
But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street , which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue .
Some entrepreneurs are still active , though .
Teens will be able to listen to music with headsets .
In 1906 , the rupture was 300 miles long and a couple feet wide .
Polymerix makes lumber-like materials that it describes as `` plastic wood . ''
The Senate will deliberate behind closed doors today and is scheduled to vote on the impeachment tomorrow .
Also holding two seats each on the board , they said , would be Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , controlled by the Reichmann family of Canada , and Itel Corp. , controlled by Chicago businessman Sam Zell .
They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed .
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee .
The agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale .
Friday , Oct. 27 , 9 p.m.-midnight EDT , on PBS ( PBS air dates and times vary , so check local listings ) : `` Show Boat . ''
Total turnover in Glaxo was a thin 975,000 shares .
( The union will keep a 2 % commission on construction projects . )
But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted .
( It is John Hart . )
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come .
`` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . ''
British Satellite today is unveiling a # 30 million advertising and promotional drive for the consortium 's planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows .
Mr. Lee concedes the statements made to him are far different from others being issued in China , but attributes that to the fact that the situation in China is `` very complex . ''
Some U.S. allies are complaining that President Bush is pushing conventional-arms talks too quickly , creating a risk that negotiators will make errors that could affect the security of Western Europe for years .
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls .
Demographics converged with `` mainstream '' and demonizing to seal Robert Bork 's fate .
`` All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` Do n't smoke ! ' or ` Wear suntan lotion , ' `` says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri .
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index .
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles .
White House Budget Director Richard Darman has said he would continue to press to keep the capital-gains provision in the final version of the bill unless the House drops many of its costly provisions .
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges .
Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 200 million provision and posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result .
Yesterday 's closing price of $ 101.75 , down 50 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , puts the stock at about 1 1\/2 times book value , which is as low as it has sunk over the past decade .
`` That 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said Mr. Brouwer .
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $ 50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines .
Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills .
The three urban horticulture experts with Cornell Cooperative Extension weighed in with a letter to the BPCA that began : `` We feel that the garden is horticulturally doomed . ''
He believes Jaguar 's share price could zoom to between # 8 and # 10 ( $ 12.60 to $ 15.80 ) .
At several different levels , it 's a fascinating tale .
When things are quiet ( low volatility ) , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately .
'' None believe the proposed management LBOs will be easy to complete , especially at B. Altman & Co. , which is under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
Tendered shares not purchased will be returned to holders .
But he struck out with the decimal system of metric weights and measures the French had invented .
Bookings for the first half totaled $ 813 million , compared with the $ 432 million recorded last year .
Published in 1949 , it follows the decline of a Cairo family with the saga-like sweep and rich detail that critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy .
The Bush administration ought to be setting aside some of its buckshot for the non-duck ducks .
`` People are n't necessarily running scared , '' Mr. Litvack said .
So there is reason to believe that Michael 's hopes for a bacteria-free , long-shelf-life egg were n't all hype .
Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan .
The latest quarter included a $ 6.6 million write-down of investments .
As he handed over the reins to successor Charles A. Corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak .
Medical costs continued their steep ascent , rising 0.8 % after four consecutive months of 0.7 % increases .
If it finds one and gets into the system , it will display a screen when a user logs on that says , `` Worms Against Nuclear Killers ... .
Now , among Communist reformers , they are objects of envy .
The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly .
And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers .
Barbra Streisand made him famous .
Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE .
It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , which links the major EC currencies .
He achieved this in part with an uncanny talent for getting his foot peacefully in the door of established European companies .
However , the Treasury said it will postpone the auction unless it has assurances of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auction date .
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said .
BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer , while Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets .
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies .
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .
That 's an emerging business in which computer makers or consultants provide turnkey communications and computing services to major corporations .
`` It 's going to get bloody . ''
Such problems may not be over .
Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences .
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .
Prices were up across the board , with most blue-chip stocks registering solid gains .
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations .
If a conductor is sensitive enough to bring down the orchestra { volume } at that point , it makes the piece magical .
`` It would now be physically impossible to begin deliveries in 1992 , '' a Hydro-Quebec official said .
The Dedham , Mass. , couple knew even before Bonnie became pregnant in 1987 that any child of theirs had a 50 % chance of being at risk for retinoblastoma , an eye cancer that occurs about once every 20,000 births .
Gregory Bessemer , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed U.S. Trading Championship , says he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options .
Each note is being offered at $ 308.32 per $ 1,000 principal amount at maturity , representing an 8 % yield to maturity .
Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside .
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share .
The Census Bureau also said :
As onlookers stand behind barricades , helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse .
Although Ryder did n't break out the charge , analysts estimated that the majority of the $ 57 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses on the disposal of trucks .
Program trading is `` benefiting a few to the detriment of many and I wish someone would do something about it , '' he complained .
Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made .
GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides `` operational and marketing support '' and actually owns the accounts .
Last year she boasted to HG magazine : `` I 'd never looked at a garden in my life . ''
The petite , 29-year-old Ms. Johnson , dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt as she slogs through the steady afternoon rain , is a claims adjuster with Aetna Life & Casualty .
We were coming down straight into their canal .
U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , International Business Machines Corp. , Intel Corp. , LSI Logic Corp. , and National Semiconductor Corp .
In fact , during last year 's campaign , the entire nation constantly heard Mr. Bush tout his accomplishments as head of the Task Force on Regulatory Relief .
One of the most remarkable features of the forced marches of the ethnic Turks out of Bulgaria over the past five months has been the lack of international attention .
The amount covers taxes , interest and penalties owed from 1966 , when the state began collecting corporate taxes , to 1985 .
Several leveraged funds do n't want to cut the amount they borrow because it would slash the income they pay shareholders , fund officials said .
China 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall .
Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred , but those that fall below these levels would be allowed .
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store .
Both deny wrongdoing .
That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors .
`` We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says Mr. Cortese .
B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders .
Lyphomed Inc. , Rosemont , Ill. , and Medco Research Inc. , Los Angeles , said the Food and Drug Administration granted full marketing approval for a new drug for the treatment of a condition in which the heart beats between 150 and 200 beats a minute .
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC .
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic .
`` These people bounce back more resiliently than regular people , '' says Washington writer Suzanne Garment , who is working on a history of post-Watergate scandal .
The economic dislocation was as abrupt as the earthquake itself , as virtually all businesses shut down .
Even if there is n't any widespread discounting , the outlook for industry profits is n't good .
Their message , explicit or implicit , is that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore .
That is n't surprising .
An unmanned spacecraft , Magellan , already is heading to Venus and is due to begin mapping the planet next August .
And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of `` Making Whoopee '' -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right .
Imperial said in a statement it expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit and a recent article in Barron 's magazine that focused on the company 's problems .
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8400 marks , up from 1.8353 marks late Wednesday , and at 142.10 yen , up from 141.52 yen late Wednesday .
For example , if wheat is being offered at $ 4.065 and bid at $ 4.060 , a market order to buy would be filled at the higher price and a market order to sell at the lower price .
The slump in profit , which came despite steady sales , was attributed to increased costs for parts and problems with model introductions .
He added that he expects to talk to the Democrats who also wanted to cut the gains tax about drafting a joint proposal .
The shipyard disclosed in mid-August that it expected losses stemming from a series of unprofitable orders .
Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets .
Uneasiness about Wall Street was cited in several markets .
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million .
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far .
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday .
He said the toy company 's `` prospects for a strong fourth quarter '' are also good .
`` It was only a matter of time . ''
Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , the Corsica , prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month .
`` Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , '' says Nomura 's Mr. Kato .
But the machines are n't on employees ' desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office .
Richard D. Sutton , 64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary .
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically .
Last month , for example , Mips agreed to supply its computers to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France 's Groupe Bull .
Nguyen Van Chan is living proof that old ways die hard .
Had the suit been filed in time , they said , `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' would have been suppressed .
Another argument of the environmentalists is that if substitutes are available , why not use them ?
Voters in the same age group backed Democrat Florio 55 % to 29 % over Republican Courter .
Mr. Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June , when the group was formed by seven electronics companies : Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. ; Hewlett-Packard Co. ; Intel Corp. ; International Business Machines Corp. ; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp .
The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to $ 2.6 billion , or 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium and long-term loans to these countries .
I 'm certainly not comfortable saying we 've seen the bottom . ''
NORC 's most recent opinion surveys find the youngest adults indeed somewhat more pro-Reagan and pro-Republican than other adults .
He succeeds the retiring James W. Wilcock .
In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses .
Worse , it remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam .
Exchange officials also point out that Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors who were very active in Hang Seng index futures and defaulted in the 1987 crash .
Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before .
Sales for the Deerfield , Ill. , company rose 5.8 % to $ 1.81 billion from $ 1.71 billion .
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months .
Minitruck production fell 13 % to 94,243 units .
Daiwa said its pretax profits surged 9.6 % to 171.04 billion yen from 156.12 billion yen in the preceding six-month term .
According to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes .
Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges .
The company said it was `` concerned about the announced intent to acquire control of the company '' by a Sugarman-led group .
Revco received the offer Oct. 20 , but issued a response yesterday only after a copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders .
Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market .
Now , according to a Kidder World story about Mr. Megargel , all the firm has to do is `` position ourselves more in the deal flow . ''
Mr. Freeman is an executive vice president of American Express .
The suit , filed in federal trial court in Des Moines , Iowa , where Meredith is based , alleges that the diversified media company 's relocation unit cheated the government by misrepresenting the value of government employees ' homes .
`` You never know if you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one .
Arizona Trend magazine referred to Mr. Simmons this year as one of the 25 most influential people in the state .
In a fast-moving market , it prevents an investor from getting stuck with having made two trades on the same security .
Mr. Burton says conservatives ' unhappiness with Mr. Bush 's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out .
Rising operating expenses are another problem .
In responding to questions , Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy .
ABM will also increase its stake in Sonora Gold Corp. to 42 % from 26 % .
Terms were n't disclosed .
In the latest quarter , Goodyear 's tax rate was 51 % compared with 41 % a year earlier .
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture .
But Christies , Mr. Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder .
The airline 's share price already is far below the 210 pence ( $ 3.33 ) level seen after the company announced the rights issue in late September .
For example , the group could offer $ 200 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 30 a share .
PRECIOUS METALS :
As a result , he reignited the inflation that Mrs. Thatcher , through a long and costly effort , had subdued .
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports .
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment .
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago .
They both called it a `` welcome home '' gathering .
Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth .
Estimated volume was five million ounces .
`` There was no problem at all , '' says Douglas Ford , chief executive officer of the futures exchange .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk .
And to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time .
SCI TV 's debt restructuring plan would defer payment of $ 153 million of bank debt .
While Mr. Kageyama does an excellent job of explaining the differences , both cultural and philosophic , I question his perspective .
I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them .
Some bankers are reporting more inquiries than usual about CDs since Friday .
Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures .
Eighty-three years ago , William James wrote to H.G. Wells : `` The moral flabbiness born of the exclusive worship of the bitch goddess success ... that , with the squalid cash interpretation put on the word success , is our national disease . ''
The final package is expected to be announced within the next week .
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3\/4 .
Their idea is to create a city , first , and then an entire nation -- without blacks .
Howard Rubenstein , a New York publicist who represents Shea & Gould , said , `` Shea & Gould understands they 're leaving because they wanted a different environment -- a smaller firm they would be principals of . ''
Office Market Weakens In Overbuilt Northeast
The researchers say many Japanese companies err in the U.S. by adopting the American practice of hiring managers on the `` open market . ''
Mr. Marrie said the problems in Arizona have only `` increased our resolve to continue to make our restructuring even more effective . ''
With this treatment we have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer by one-third -- but this leaves the two-thirds who are dying of cancer .
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud .
Nissan 's decades-old corporate song filled with references to Mount Fuji has been scrapped in favor of a snappy tune sung by a popular Japanese vocalist .
Actively traded municipal bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply .
Nearly two months after saying it had been the victim of widespread fraud , MiniScribe Corp. disclosed it had a negative net worth of $ 88 million as of July 2 and hinted that it might be forced to file for protection under bankruptcy laws .
The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes `` an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , '' and says that finding an `` appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one .
Three International Cash Portfolios funds , which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week .
Ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product .
Arkla said its initial offering of 18 % of Arkla Exploration Co. is expected to result in a net gain of about $ 90 million , which will be used to pay down Arkla debt .
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ...
Mr. Icahn , a much more practiced raider than Mr. Steinhardt , eventually sold a big USAir stake at a tiny profit through Bear , Stearns .
He 's had other brushes with the law .
Each of the three drives uses a mere 1.5 watts of power and one weighs just 5.5 ounces .
The results surpassed analysts ' forecasts , which averaged around # 200 million , and Marks & Spencer responded in trading on London 's Stock Exchange with an eight pence rise to 188 pence .
Their yields are higher than those of U.S. Treasury issues .
The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said .
Colgate-Palmolive advanced 1 5\/8 to 63 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share , up from 69 cents a year ago .
On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said .
He 's rich , famous and intelligent , and has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do .
The tapes included wiretaps of Gen. Torrijos 's own phone , according to American intelligence officials .
But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later , as soon as allowed , said Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net .
The figures are seasonally adjusted .
A recent agreement between the recording industry and electronics manufacturers requires that any digital audio tape , or DAT , recorder sold in the U.S. have a built-in device that restricts its ability to make second copies from DAT tape copies of digital compact disks .
In a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice .
Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress , who do not have to answer to their own constituents for it .
The following shows the number of times these industries outperformed the Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index during the first six months of the past seven recessions .
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , Data Systems Computer Centre Inc. , Springfield , New Jersey .
Says she : `` Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... .
But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector .
The private suit was brought by three mentally retarded people who live in a group home in Moon .
Dealers noted that it 's difficult to structure new Remics when prices are moving widely .
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive .
The 30-year issue was priced at a spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury 's 30-year bellwether bond .
This city does n't work that way . ''
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group .
`` The dress business has always been a gamble , but it 's never been like this , '' says Mr. Levy , president of St. Gillian Group Ltd. , which has become a hot name thanks to a campaign of sexy TV commercials .
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors .
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said .
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks .
He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars .
Jaguar was shocked by Mr. Ridley 's decision , because management had believed the government would n't lift the golden share without consulting the company first .
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories .
His boss complained about neglect of other chores .
At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot `` were looking for an interstate or a cornfield '' to land .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted through the session within a trading range of about 30 points before closing with a gain of 4.92 at 2643.65 .
His dismissal triggered a furor among intellectuals that continues today .
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
Revenue in the third quarter was $ 437.7 million , almost unchanged from $ 436.3 million a year earlier .
The move by the coalition of political parties and Lebanon 's largest Christian militia isolated military chief Aoun , who has rejected the plan , which includes political changes and a Syrian troop withdrawal from Beirut .
11:59 p.m .
Presidio said the properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana .
TransAtlantic Holdings PLC , a British-based , South African-controlled financial services investment group , and France 's Societe Centrale Union des Assurances de Paris reached an accord effectively reducing chances of an unfriendly takeover for Sun Life Assurance Society PLC .
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said .
Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box .
But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling .
C. Olivetti & Co. , claiming it has won the race in Europe to introduce computers based on a powerful new microprocessor chip , unveiled its CP486 computer yesterday .
Capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 5.6 % drop after a 10.3 % decline .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.45 % six months .
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Glasnost may be partly responsible , but Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze last year admitted , `` The exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to UNESCO . ''
( The pro-choice lobby does n't .
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions .
His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives .
Canadian steel ingot production totaled 276,334 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 14 , down 5.3 % from the preceding week 's total of 291,890 tons , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said .
The shares will be priced in early November , she said .
`` The most frequent use is home improvement , which presumably improves the value of the property , '' Mr. Durkin says .
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear .
The Fed delayed approval of First Union 's $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending a review of First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods .
`` But when it does matter , then it 's the only thing that matters . ''
When his secretary is found floating dead in the pol 's pool , Mancuso is called in to investigate .
As the ad 's tone implies , the Texas spirit is pretty xenophobic these days , and Lone Star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that .
Soviet efforts to sell their technology abroad do n't appear to worry the U.S. , Japan 's principal ally .
The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier .
It may stand as a metaphor for how wide and deep the divisions in that society continue to be however we try to deny their existence .
The first meeting yesterday was with 10 Senate Democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax .
The family moves to another house at night to conceal shabby belongings from neighbors .
But Mr. Shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category .
Oranjemund , the mine headquarters , is a lonely corporate oasis of 9,000 residents .
Sears said it would put the 110-story tower on the block almost a year ago as part of its anti-takeover restructuring .
Whether Mr. McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question my fellow Channel Islanders ( and friends on the Isle of Man ) will continue to ponder .
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman .
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Tandem , which already specializes in on-line transaction processing , is a potent competitor in that market .
In addition to having high price-earnings ratios , most pay puny dividends , if any .
The company dispatched as many as 200 people in the San Francisco area to do the work , though most of the rerouting was done by computer .
Now , though , enormous costs for earthquake relief will pile on top of outstanding costs for hurricane relief .
For example , Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well , a new food and health magazine due out next summer .
The early soft lenses , which cost $ 300 a set , were expected to last for a year .
The quarterly dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 3 .
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 332,000 for the week ended Oct. 14 from 396,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said .
Four Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more before dividends for the 14 months ended in June .
The judge also said the two marital testimonial privileges cited by Mrs. Marcos do n't apply .
When he died in 1959 , Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book , `` The Poodle Springs Story , '' which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque .
They would like to retrieve some appliances on the second floor , but wonder if it 's safe to venture inside .
`` Yes , they are .
Those implications include : -- Privatization .
The anti-takeover measure prevents any outside investor from buying more than 15 % of Jaguar shares without permission until Dec. 31 , 1990 .
In one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months , and the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion .
In its appeal to the high court , the agency said the federal appeals court ruling , which favored LTV , threatened to transform the agency from an insurer of troubled pension plans into an `` open-ended source of industry bailouts . ''
But most companies are too afraid to take that chance .
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise .
Analysts and consultants had mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Mr. Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace .
Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer .
`` I have no reason to think things will get worse , but this market has a knack for surprising us .
The conference opened Monday with glowing reports about consumer magazines ' growth in circulation and advertising revenue in the past year .
The announcement got wide exposure in the Japanese media , and even moved some pharmaceutical stocks yesterday .
Jaguar shares stood at 405 pence before Ford 's initial announcement , but the subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up .
Police say the robberies are usually pulled off by two to five men , who walk into the agencies near closing or lunch time , when few employees are there .
Gargantuan sections of a double-decker freeway have been heaved about like plastic building blocks .
But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year , most recently Hurricane Jerry this week .
Another she stuffed with eight `` rectilinear hedges '' for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants .
Italian car manufacturer Fiat said it is n't interested in partnership or industrial cooperation with Swedish auto and aerospace group Saab-Scania AB , which faces heavy losses in its car division .
`` Things are a little less overpriced '' after Friday 's jolt in the market .
Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles .
But on reflection , Mr. Oka says , he concluded that Nissan is being prudent in following its slow-startup strategy instead of simply copying Lexus .
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags .
Basf AG said it moved its headquarters for Latin America to Mexico and the headquarters for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct .
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5920 , up from $ 1.5753 late Tuesday .
`` The New York Stock Exchange is losing its cool here , '' said James Andrews , head of institutional trading at Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia .
Personal spending , buoyed by a burst of automobile buying , was the main catalyst to the economy 's expansion .
`` Stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes Robert Avery , an economist at Cornell University .
France 's Socialist government , which currently holds the council 's rotating presidency , is committed to having the charter adopted by all 12 EC states before the end of 1989 -- the bicentennial of the French revolution and its `` Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide .
FEDERAL JUDGE ALCEE HASTINGS of Florida , facing impeachment , received an unanticipated boost yesterday .
Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants .
Eastern Airlines ' creditors have begun exploring alternative approaches to a Chapter 11 reorganization because they are unhappy with the carrier 's latest proposal .
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 96 , off 0.15 point to yield 5.27 % .
But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running .
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English .
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . ''
In addition , 20 military police from the Presidio , a military base in San Francisco , are assisting with traffic control , and a Navy ship was moved from a naval station at Treasure Island near the Bay Bridge to San Francisco to help fight fires .
Meanwhile , the average yield on taxable funds dropped nearly a tenth of a percentage point , the largest drop since midsummer .
Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years .
But Nevada state labor economists think a shortage is probable .
The disk-drive maker disclosed a major fraud two months ago .
Chicago businessmen Bertram M. Lee and Peter Bynoe signed a new agreement to purchase the Denver Nuggets basketball team , but not as principal owners .
The program is n't afraid to tackle controversial topics such as nuclear weapons and the environment .
HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects , none of the others has been approved and not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them .
The crisis had peaked on May 10 , 1974 , when the bank disclosed `` severe '' foreign-exchange losses due to `` unauthorized '' trading .
Douglas Stoneman , vice president of Shell Canada , noted that producers would prefer to avoid hearings into competing proposals that would lengthen the regulatory review process and bog down development .
BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORP. said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes .
And they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants .
And it 's growing fast , with annual sales gains of more than 10 % .
Copper
That , in turn , could substantially reduce the value of the television assets .
`` The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation , '' says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co .
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration .
And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them on the loony fringe .
Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities .
Officials for Temple declined to comment .
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million .
UAL 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal .
I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years .
The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline , and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass .
Despite the criticism , Philip Morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube .
The two executives could hardly be more different .
Frank B. Hall Inc. of Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. is reportedly working out an agreement with Helmsley .
The Canadian government plans to auction on Tuesday 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 639.9 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 1 , 1999 , the Finance Department said .
Confectionery products sales also had strong growth in the quarter .
Barry Frank , the agent who took Mr. Pilson to lunch last March , says that even if CBS loses , say , $ 10 million , it matters little .
Sony added that a hearing has been set for Thursday in the Delaware Chancery Court in one of the suits .
`` Unfortunately , there is only one laboratory for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , '' said Burch Bachtold , San Francisco district director for the transportation department .
A spokeswoman said Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion , or $ 12.76 a share .
`` But 93 % of tourists still come for gambling .
Richard de J. Osborne , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's `` decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future . ''
In other commodity markets yesterday :
e - In Canadian dollars .
Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat , and sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % .
Under construction is the strip 's 24th showroom , the future home of Lexus , a luxury marque launched by Toyota Motor Corp. just two months ago .
Nuovo Banco will become Italy 's biggest private-sector bank when it completes its scheduled merger with Banca Cattolica del Venetoen by year end .
The former board had produced `` 21 opinions and 1,000 critics '' in its 12-year life , its chairman had conceded .
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said yesterday on NBC-TV 's `` Meet the Press '' that Mr. Ortega 's threat was `` a very unwise move , particularly the timing of it . ''
Treasury Securities
Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association and the Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length .
The theme song for the 1980s has been , `` Anything Goes , '' and it has been whistled with gusto from Wall Street to some of the highest peaks of televangelism .
They say investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 15 % to 20 % .
But with no reports of either country actually entering the market , analysts said , futures prices became vulnerable .
John Spencer Churchill , a nephew of the late Sir Winston Churchill , former prime minister of Great Britain , is n't that impressed with most name-droppers he meets .
At the time 71%-controlled by Oy Waertsilae , a conglomerate , the shipbuilding unit faced potential losses estimated at one billion markka and was on the brink of liquidation .
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 144 basis points above the Treasury 's seven-year note .
In addition , the principles attempt to eliminate the so-called Delaney Paradox .
However , Bear Stearns has never had an unprofitable year since its founding 65 years ago .
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing .
Justice Rubin , a state judge since 1969 , said the mandatory-retirement age hurts the court system because it deprives the state of experienced judges still capable of serving on the bench .
Banks want to see someone putting up real cash at risk , that is , subordinate to the bank debt in any deal .
He said the tie-up would mean Jaguar could `` develop cars down range { in price } from where we are '' by offering access to GM 's high-volume parts production .
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % .
DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker .
Issues of insurance brokers were especially strong .
One such company is Bankers Trust Co .
That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets .
W. Mark Goode , president of Micronyx Inc. , a Richardson , Texas , firm that makes computer-security products , provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev 's campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost .
Not so .
He said : `` We know of no technology that exists anywhere in the world that would allow us to '' reinforce the columns .
Ms. Parks 's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander .
The end of the marriage was at hand .
When they return to their desks at 1 p.m. , they have pedaled 20 miles .
Even if the buy-out group is able to obtain financing , the transaction still faces obstacles .
However , the Panama episode has raised questions about whether the NSC staff is sufficiently big , diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues .
Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid .
Ultimately , they paid more than $ 1 million for the rights .
`` It 's not the end of the world if you shake them up a little bit . ''
`` You want to know how a fund did when the market got hammered , '' said Kurt Brouwer , an investment adviser with Brouwer & Janachowski in San Francisco .
Florida National , if acquired , would almost double First Union 's banking franchise in Florida to $ 17 billion in assets .
Mr. Hauptman reckons that the best investment choice is mutual funds because they are managed and over time have nearly kept up with the broad stock averages .
Analysts hailed the planned transaction as being beneficial to Armstrong and Shaw , the market leader in the U.S. carpet industry , with an estimated 17 % to 20 % share .
`` It 's quite a bombshell , '' said one , adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation .
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group .
Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply , partly because of three large projects , each expected to cost more than $ 100 million .
Art , says the playwright in `` Wedding Song , '' is `` the surrogate for the action that an idealist like me is unable to take . ''
The purchase price will be established after Banc One has an opportunity to study the quality of the assets , Banc One said .
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy .
`` It 's going to be a sensational thing , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy of P&G in Bombay .
They included one of Mr. Noriega 's closest friends and business partners , Carlos Wittgreen .
There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.25 % , and about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 , priced at 99 to yield 7.282 % .
At the time , the Fed said the denial , the first ever on such grounds , signaled the agency 's new emphasis on the Community Reinvestment Act .
James River , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey .
The firms have all said that West Virginia 's suit is without merit .
The Continental junk bond offering , underwritten by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , was the only new issue priced yesterday .
Mr. Melloan quotes Peter Teagan and invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement .
That is n't 51 % , and the claim is n't documented .
1:20 a.m .
But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market .
Loral said the contract with Turkey will provide opportunities for Loral to supply that country with other defense systems .
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning .
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO. , Fairfield , Conn. , consumer , industrial products and broadcasting concern , annual sales of $ 50 billion , NYSE , said its GE Nuclear Energy unit , with 1,600 Bay-area employees , had only minor damage at its San Jose headquarters .
Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 .
But the report says : `` The only safe sex is sex between uninfected partners , '' and testing is the only way to learn of infection .
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University
USX gained 1\/2 to 33 3\/8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % .
A Par spokesman said he understood the criminal investigation in Maryland relates to matters Par disclosed in July , when Par said it filed false drug information with the FDA .
Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices , '' Mr. Daggs added .
The $ 7.81 billion of six-month Treasury bills were sold with an average discount rate of 7.50 % , the highest since the average of 7.60 % at the Oct. 10 auction .
Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work .
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze .
`` People wonder what 's going to happen next . ''
In announcing the results , USAir cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently .
GM probably had the `` heaviest incentives , '' said Robert S. Miller , Chrysler 's chief financial officer .
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights .
Prescription-drug world-wide sales rose 9 % in the quarter to $ 340 million ; U.S. sales rose 15 % .
Because the Resolution Trust Corp . could n't spend the money fast enough , the savings-and-loan outlays were pushed into fiscal 1990 .
`` Sometimes , with the release of stress , you hear ` oohs ' and ` ahs ' coming out of the room , '' explains Morgan Banks , the agency 's health specialist .
Paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its `` Le Petit Bang '' plan .
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . ''
So it 's quite possible that the terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real .
Mr. Honecker 's ignoble fall culminates nearly two decades of iron-handed leadership during which Mr. Honecker , now 77 years old , built East Germany into the most economically advanced nation in the Soviet bloc .
Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers .
Lloyd 's says the departures of names is n't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity , currently about # 11 billion .
Intelogic Trace , a computer services company , was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985 , after Mr. Edelman gained control .
Microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 4 ; but it finished at 80 7\/8 , down 2 1\/4 on volume of one million shares .
However , to resume the bull trend , according to Mr. O'Neill , copper would have to close over $ 1.19 .
Do they really believe that the number is just for verification and is simply a formality on the road to being a grand-prize winner ?
Auto makers reported that mid-October sales were running at an annual rate of about 5.8 million units , far less than the 6.6 million units analysts had expected .
But an all-out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker seems unlikely .
A second illustration is supplied by the recent guilty plea entered by Robert Freeman , formerly head of arbitrage at Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Meanwhile , another big Wall Street brokerage firm joined others that have been pulling back from program trading .
The chief culprits , he says , are big companies and business groups that buy huge amounts of land `` not for their corporate use , but for resale at huge profit . ''
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding .
According to Drexel 's Mr. Demler , the potential strike is expected to be resolved quickly , which may be one reason why the situation did n't affect prices much .
The two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts .
Y&R 's Klein Steps Down
January platinum closed down $ 2.80 an ounce at $ 486.30 , nearly $ 4 above its low for the day .
This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that amasses cash value .
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high .
Latin American countries have long urged Canada to join the OAS in the hopes that it would be a counterweight to the U.S. , which for many years tended to dominate the 32-nation organization .
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co .
Indeed , Fujitsu officials admitted they may have been a little overzealous .
To find out why , the group recently commissioned a study of the past 20 years of bowling-related research .
The 10-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note .
U.S. Memories needs a catalyst , he said , to inspire others to join .
His recommendation was rejected by the government .
From its high point on Thursday , Oct. 12 , to where it traded late in New York a week later , the dollar fell 3.6 % against the West German mark , 3.4 % against the British pound and 2.1 % against the Japanese yen .
Sears has been counting on growth coming from the large displays of brand-name merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls `` power formats . ''
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .
Swedish rolling-steel and ball-bearing group AB SKF said its pretax profit rose 78 % to 1.78 billion kronor ( $ 278 million ) in the first nine months from one billion kronor ( $ 156 million ) in the corresponding period a year earlier .
Per-share earnings also shrank because of dividends on a new series of preferred stock .
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year-earlier period .
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom .
So they opted for IRA , naming it after Ira Cohen , a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them .
Those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims , are expected to total about $ 16 million .
December silver eased 2.7 cents an ounce to $ 5.133 .
It turned out that although it took all five genes to produce the toxin , only one was responsible for the toxin 's virulence .
Wells , Rich , Greene named Cheryl Heller as an executive vice president and creative partner in its image group , which concentrates on fashion and visually oriented advertising .
Naturally , the principals ' union loves building tenure , and tenure has withstood previous challenge .
But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months .
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday .
Silver , however is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum .
Then , perhaps , Mr. Ovcharenko 's ideas would n't sound like so much blarney .
`` Most people think if you slip , you 'll wind up in a body cast . ''
Now Mr. Bush will come to Costa Rica and encounter Nicaraguan strongman Daniel Ortega , eager for photo opportunities with the U.S. president .
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . ''
Thus , even including the latest week , the average general stock fund has soared more than 24 % so far this year , the Lipper Analytical figures show .
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday .
`` Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , '' Mr. Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said .
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche .
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services .
In particular , `` shadowing '' a currency is anything but fixing ; it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility .
The 13.25 % subordinated debentures due 2002 were issued in August 1987 as part of the $ 690 million financing for a leveraged buy-out of the company .
In announcing a 1989 capital spending plan of $ 950 million early this year , Caterpillar said full-year earnings would be flat compared with last year 's $ 616 million , or $ 6.07 a share .
Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest .
Wall Street
`` What 's encouraging about this is that retail chains will be sold on the basis of their sales and earnings , not liquidation values , '' said Joseph E. Brooks , chairman and chief executive officer of Ann Taylor Inc. , a specialty chain .
And in a case filed in federal court in August , a lawyer is arguing that Missouri authorities are wrongfully imprisoning the fetus of a pregnant woman who is in jail for theft and forgery .
The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Mr. Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother .
The Ministry of Finance , as a result , has proposed a series of measures that would restrict business investment in real estate even more tightly than restrictions aimed at individuals .
Executives at Nekoosa could n't be reached , and officials at Georgia Pacific declined to comment .
A year earlier , Ford reported record net of $ 856.3 million , or $ 1.78 a share , on revenue of $ 20.38 billion .
Other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction .
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal .
NOTE :
`` Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago . ''
Tomorrow , Warner will file another batch of documents contending that `` the essence of everything these guys are saying is basically lies , '' says Warner 's chief outside counsel , Stuart Rabinowitz .
`` If you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at . ''
About 20 other deaths were also attributed to the earthquake .
The efforts to get to the people who are addicted , try to rehabilitate them ; if they can not be rehabilitated , at least to contain them ; to educate people , to strongly discourage use of drugs by people who are casual users and first users , to stop this process among the young -- all of these things I think are extremely important .
Not in the kitchen , or the storeroom or the book shop .
But the market lost part of the early gains on index-linked investment trust fund selling .
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work .
Special Judge Galloway noted that Givens managed horse-breeding in a businesslike way : He kept detailed accounts , practiced soil conservation , enhanced his experience by consulting experts , spent several hours a day doing chores , and dropped the sideline when his best brood mare died .
Apple Computer Inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year .
`` He started building the files that helped him gain power . ''
`` If a bid materializes at that price , shareholders will have every reason to be glad , but the question of financing still remains . ''
The Portland , Ore. , thrift , which has $ 5.2 billion of assets , had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share .
San Jose and several other California cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group , which was founded last June by seven electronics concerns .
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York .
10 billion yen of 6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 101.225 to yield 6.056 % via IBJ International .
McCaw is offering to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each in cash , which would result in McCaw owning 50.3 % of the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern .
Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3\/8 to 61 1\/8 , Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 64 3\/4 , Travelers added 1\/2 to 40 3\/8 and American International Group rose 3 1\/8 to 107 3\/4 .
When Mr. Gandhi came to power , he ushered in new rules for business .
Mr. Niciporuk here wants 60 acres used at the moment by a state farm .
The three most important things to understand about Mr. Allen is that he is a black conservative intellectual -- a triple threat to the liberal establishment .
The state says there 's no worry -- investment returns , combined with fees and the gains from unused plans , will provide all the cash it needs .
Under federal transportation law , a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger 's job classifications into Federal 's .
This city is girding for gridlock today as hundreds of thousands of commuters avoid travel routes ravaged by last week 's earthquake .
Saul Resnick
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership .
Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for `` a stable currency , free and competitive markets , private property and real prices '' and other pie-in-the-sky reforms .
And shares of leveraged junk funds this year have been clobbered even harder than the junk bonds they hold .
Dean Steinkuhler , a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman , confesses that he used 'em , and says other Huskers did too .
Such armor crushes the soldier .
Also named to the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel .
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Nynex common closed at $ 81.125 , up $ 1.625 .
MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. during the Roaring Twenties ( they had been in Britain for a century ) , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 1970s .
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 .
The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan .
But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics .
Although Axa has been rebuffed by Farmers and has n't had any meetings with management , Mr. Bebear nonetheless appears to be trying to woo the company 's executives with promises of autonomy and new-found authority under Axa .
So the White House announced that Mr. Bush got his first earthquake briefing of the day at 6:30 a.m. from chief of staff John Sununu .
Stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares , the company said .
But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters .
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production .
France , Britain and Italy all have light tanks they would like to keep out of the talks .
Eventually , Texaco , which was forced into bankruptcy proceedings by that litigation , settled its fight with Pennzoil for $ 3 billion in 1986 .
Court in Brief
This doubled the mortgage interest rates of the many new homeowners that Mrs. Thatcher 's policies had created , producing widespread disaffection and pushing Labor ahead in the polls .
It is as though the land knows of its own beauty , of its own greatness , and feels no need to shout it .
A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN has been worked out by Congress and Bush , opening the way for the first increase in over nine years .
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion .
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . ''
The card holder will pay the modest 1 % fee only on the amounts actually needed .
On almost every other farm in South Africa , black workers do the repairs .
New telephone lines posted healthy growth .
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt .
Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps .
In Mr. Luzon 's first year , the bank eliminated 800 jobs .
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period .
Except to characterize its offer as `` fair and generous and in the best interests of Mesa shareholders , '' StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal .
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit .
Even at this early stage , drugs caused additional concerns .
Personally , I 'm irked by its combination of ponderousness and timidity , which adds up to an utter lack of drama .
Terms were n't disclosed .
But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said .
At that point domestic sales will slow down , '' says Kim Yoon Kwon , director of marketing for Daewoo Motor .
Unused houses deteriorate rapidly , affecting the value of nearby homes ; in a domino effect , the entire neighborhood can fall victim .
Those changes in its condition meant the reorganization plan previously presented to creditors would have to be revamped .
Yesterday , the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 18\/32 to yield 7.89 % , compared with 102 9\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Monday .
There are more than three times as many franchised domestic outlets as there are company stores .
In 1982 , he started a factory in Greece .
If that controversy continues , U.S. machine tool makers say , West German and other foreign producers are likely to grab most of the sales in Eastern Europe .
In Montreal , Quebecor 's multiple voting Class A stock closed at C$ 16.375 ( US$ 13.94 ) , down 12.5 Canadian cents .
The broadcasting unit reported operating profit of $ 134.9 million , up 18 % from the year-earlier $ 114.3 million .
To promote its new strategy , National Convenience said it plans to spend about $ 12 million on advertising for the year ending June 30 , up from about $ 10 million in fiscal 1989 .
Last Friday , takeover traders spilled out of Hilton , knocking the stock down 21 1\/2 to 85 .
Although it is having serious cash-flow problems , Bay said the fair-market value of its holdings , minus debt , was equal to $ 6.02 a share at June 30 based on a recent appraisal .
Even in the present uncertain investment climate , investors are preferring `` quality assets '' such as Treasury bills and bonds to gold , silver and platinum , dealers say .
One customer , Donald Blaggs of Mobile , says the Barrett Rake allowed him to do his lawn in 2 1\/2 hours , two hours less than usual .
Mr. Allen quickly ran up against the liberal establishment again , which somehow elevated the vague concept of `` Indian rights '' above the rights of individual Indians .
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders .
But several traders quickly stepped up and bid for contracts , driving prices sharply higher .
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said .
The 1988-return project starts Jan. 1 and is to be done by May 31 , 1991 .
Two seats on the Big Board were sold yesterday for $ 455,000 , and then $ 500,000 .
Fees from syndicating loans dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million .
WPP GROUP 'S Ogilvy & Mather expects profit margins to improve to 11.5 % in 1990 in the U.S.
A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions .
Volume totaled 8,930,000 shares .
( Federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation , to a maximum of $ 100,000 . )
In recent years , the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup .
I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . ''
October 's numbers , which wo n't be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say .
Last spring , the comptroller 's office called a halt to Mr. Paul 's fling , giving him six months to sell the paintings .
When , however , Claudio 's sister , Isabella , a novitiate in a convent , goes to Angelo to plead her brother 's case , the obdurate ruler immediately falls in love with her and , in a supreme act of hypocrisy , demands that Isabella yield up her virtue to him in exchange for her brother 's life .
Lynden B. Miller , the noted public garden designer who restored Central Park 's Conservatory Garden , recalls her reaction to the South Gardens model in light of the public garden she was designing for 42nd Street 's Bryant Park : `` Bryant Park , as designed in 1933 , failed as a public space , because it made people feel trapped .
For the Tories to win the next election , voters will need to sense economic improvement for about a year beforehand .
To reduce the risks while still retaining the legitimate benefits these programs can provide , credit policy must : 1 . Use credit to improve the operation of capital markets , not to provide subsidies .
As Japanese auto makers gained market share , the Big Three , with GM in the lead , slashed North American production and launched a retail discounting blitz .
What 's really going on here ?
In addition , officials will have to get quotes for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals from other syndicate directors .
`` It 's just a matter of time before the tide turns , '' says one Midwestern lobbyist .
Separately , the Labor Department reported that average weekly earnings rose 0.3 % in September , after adjusting for inflation , following a 0.7 % decline in August .
`` I think the consumer has pretty well played himself out , '' said David Littman , senior economist at Manufacturers National Bank of Detroit .
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share .
At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role .
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . ''
`` We 're an investor , '' Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs .
The loss came after a $ 23.3 million addition to loan-loss reserves .
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million .
The Dow Jones industrials sank 26.23 points , to 2662.91 .
Varity Corp. led the Big Board list of largest short volumes with 12,822,563 shares .
But CBS 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up .
`` I would n't say we 're out of the business .
It has some of the highest costs in the league .
But a remarkably high percentage -- over half -- are private payers throughout their stay , even a fairly lengthy one .
Although the Bank of England 's tight monetary policy has fueled worries that Britain 's slowing economy is headed for a recession , it is widely believed that Mr. Lawson 's willingness to prop up the pound with interest-rate increases helped stem pound selling in recent weeks .
Diamond-Star said it will export about 1,500 Eclipse cars to Japan by year 's end .
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation .
John Wells , 47 , former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency in Chicago ... .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. last week downgraded the long-term deposit rating of Boston Co. 's Boston Safe Deposit & Trust Co. subsidiary , to single-A-1 from double-A-3 , citing problems in the company 's `` aggressively managed securities portfolio . ''
Beta is also a poor indicator of the risk in stock groups that march to their own drummer .
If Mr. Redford wanted to be accepted by the people of Utah , he should have taken an advisory role instead of one of forcing his personal preferences .
Price : $ 4.50 ) .
One reason questions surround the heat experiments is that they involve unusually meticulous measurements .
Philips Industries Inc. said its board authorized the redemption Dec. 6 of the company 's $ 1 cumulative convertible special preferred stock at $ 37.50 a share , not including a 25 cent dividend for the current quarter , and the $ 3 cumulative convertible preferred stock at $ 75 , plus a 75 cent dividend for the current quarter .
With jury verdicts getting bigger all the time , companies are increasingly willing to pay huge sums for such advice .
The result is that those rich enough to own any real estate at all have boosted their holdings substantially .
Qintex Australia suffered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate filed for Chapter 11 protection .
Mr. Skase 's statement was addressed to the stock exchange and appeared to be a response to the inquiry .
But WCRS added that `` in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , '' it has arranged medium-term debt financing , which would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd .
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading .
Mr. Volk , 55 years old , succeeds Duncan Dwight , who retired in September .
But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute .
Pfizer
Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases .
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's .
The company went public earlier this month , offering 1,745,000 shares of common stock at $ 15 a share .
Florida National stock closed unchanged at $ 25.875 in national over-the-counter trading .
Year-earlier per-share results are n't applicable because the company went public in January .
With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament .
Going to the well of the chamber , Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted .
The company has no immediate plans to close any operations , she said , but Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data .
The House joined the Senate in making federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement requiring the Treasury Department to meet expedited payments of an estimated $ 1.25 billion during the next several years .
Technically , Mr. Kaiser noted that a lot of traders had bought into the market when the price was in the $ 1.24 to $ 1.26 range , thinking there was support at the $ 1.20 level .
And while signs of an economic slowdown , softer corporate earnings and troubles with takeover financing all have contributed to the stock market 's recent weakness , many investors rushed to blame program trading for aggravating market swings .
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , announced it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , and Merrill Lynch & Co. pulled out of the practice altogether .
The ads featured fences , rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves .
`` The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people , '' says Meyer Frucher , a real-estate executive and former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo .
Philip Morris Cos. is launching a massive corporate advertising campaign that will put the tobacco giant 's name in TV commercials for the first time since the early 1950s , when it stopped advertising its namesake cigarette brand on television .
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates .
Not yesterday .
The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 .
And Japan 's management system makes it hard to impose a single , integrated computer system corporatewide .
Royal contends that Realist failed to disclose material information , including Realist 's negotiations to acquire Ammann Laser Technik AG , to stockholders prior to Realist 's June 6 annual meeting .
Campeau declined to comment .
Glaxo was the biggest gainer , jumping 35 to # 13.78 ( $ 21.72 ) on anticipation of a stock split next week .
The East German media soon began presenting Mr. Gorbachev 's speeches only as sketchy summaries , and giving space to his opponents .
`` I did n't even know that a company in a socialistic country could file for bankruptcy . ''
As part of its offer , Manville said it requested changes in some covenants between it and the trust to allow Manville to `` reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure . ''
`` There are a lot of them , and they have property . ''
Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could `` lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , '' Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year .
People who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by KKR and Gillett Corp .
Mr. Timbers countered that `` the mere fact they put in circuit breakers is an admission of their problems . ''
The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites .
He believes those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse .
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then-21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two-thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox .
In other words , after the glory boom of the Reagan years , wages had sunk from the post World War II peak by 16 % as capitalists , helped by the government , turned down the screws or went offshore .
The Federal National Mortgage Association said 39 lenders across the U.S. have agreed to offer home loans under Fannie Mae 's pilot program for elderly people .
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue ( AMT and non-AMT ) bonds , via a PaineWebber group .
In the ratings compiled by the A.C. Nielsen Co. , ABC , which broadcast the World Series , topped the competition with a 14.8 rating and 25 share .
He said that when he was on the board he felt that he had a great deal of power and , somehow , he did n't think that was a good thing .
Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down associated with the consolidation of a facility .
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu .
Digital hopes to address that with the debut of its first mainframe-class computers next Tuesday .
Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check .
Chimanbhai Mehta , a parliamentarian and former Gandhi ally , predicts Congress ( I ) will win only 150 seats , a quarter of the house , if the opposition fields single candidates in 80 % of the races .
Instead , an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market : the Federal Reserve .
Earnings included a one-time gain of $ 192 million on a property transaction in Hong Kong .
Manville said it made the offer within the past several weeks as part of an effort to improve shareholder value .
Last week , Bonn agreed to reschedule 2.5 billion marks in Polish debt that came due last year .
With support from the IRS , Manufacturers Hanover has filed suit asking Judge Abramson to subordinate Minpeco 's claim to those of Manufacturer Hanover and the IRS .
The charter was approved by the EC Commission on Sept. 21 .
Alongside the current non-convertible ruble , a second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies .
Foreign Bonds
In early 1988 , when the three-month Eurodollar rate was between 7 % and 8 % , the three-month Hibor rate was as low as 1 % .
`` What do we want casinos for when we have n't got anything in the shops ? '' one housewife asked .
Not only could the Wall Street gyrations damp Christmas sales if consumers lose confidence in the economy , but potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand even stronger covenants and greater management equity participation .
Here you can find Mitsubishi Motors Corp. displaying a `` live fish transporter , '' a truck akin to an aquarium on wheels , and Nissan Motor Co. with its `` keyless '' Boga , whose doors unlock upon recognizing the owner 's fingerprints .
Second-tier companies are receiving even less per ton .
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while .
If E.E. `` Buzzy '' Geduld is right , a seatbelt may come in handy during the next few sessions .
The GAF trials were viewed as previews of the government 's strength in its cases against Mr. Lewis and Mr. Bilzerian .
`` I do n't know { Mr. Phillips } all that well .
But that changed following a resolution from the Supreme Soviet banning cooperatives from operating in some areas of the economy , and permitting activity in others only if the cooperatives are under contract to the state .
So Mr. Kahn says high priority is being given to creating a computerized matchmaking service `` where instead of being matched for eye color , you could be matched for similar intellectual interests . ''
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans .
Mr. Vinson estimates the industry 's total revenues approach $ 200 million .
The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .
Latin American markets continued their recovery after a weak start to the year , SKF said .
Colombia alone -- its government , its people , its newspapers -- does not have the capacity to fight this battle successfully .
Meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs .
About a year ago , it ended an on-again , off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession .
Many women may even see the dead embryo they have expelled , a sight the surgical-abortion industry typically spares them .
Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 . ''
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring .
No one has to accept the sins of the Ottoman Empire to reject that argument .
Here she delivers , especially during her enthusiastically awful rendition of the `` Candy Man , '' which she sings while prancing around in a little cotton candy pink angora sweater that could n't be more perfect .
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation .
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe .
If the IRS seeks late-payment interest because of the lost check , you should request interest abatement , publisher Prentice Hall notes .
Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know .
Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September .
When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue .
Mr. Paul boasts that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn .
It can send a fighter squadron to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley , but ca n't shoot Abu Nidal .
That has outraged some fans .
XL\/Datacomp slid 2 1\/4 to 16 1\/2 amid continuing concerns about the company 's contract negotiations with International Business Machines .
The owners are trying to boost profit in other ways , too .
And even when specific projects are described in prospectuses , the money often is used elsewhere , according to analysts .
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants .
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period .
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded , self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers , which operates in the brokerage business .
Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change .
A report last month by the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America found that pipelines ' settlement costs had jumped in the three months before the deadline to 39 cents on the dollar , from 22 cents on the dollar in 1988 .
Traders estimated that Bear , Stearns bought more than 1 million shares .
Overall , Mr. Gillett 's holding company , Gillett Holdings , is heavily indebted and , except for its Vail Mountain resorts , is n't doing very well .
Ms. Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company .
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .
`` Why should I be part of that problem ?
Rather , they reflect the Bank 's time-tested , pragmatic approach , which aims at ensuring that developing countries put their scarce resources to the best possible use .
`` It would be surprising if they did n't come to Frankfurt in time for 1992 , and they bring an interesting tradition .
According to West German government sources , Mr. Honecker and several senior Politburo members fought over the last week to delay any decisions about a leadership change .
`` But it 's an enormous business opportunity .
LSI LOGIC CORP. , Milpitas , maker of customized integrated circuits , annual sales of $ 550 million , NYSE , has halted manufacturing at its three plants in the area while they are inspected for structural damage .
Today 20 million of the 25 million Americans using contact lenses are using the soft type .
( Turner Broadcasting will pay CBS $ 25 million to air 50 hours of CBS coverage plus 50 hours of additional events . )
House leaders had hoped to follow the Senate 's lead by getting an agreement from House committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 1990 budget deficit from the House-passed bill before the negotiations with the Senate began .
The decision is a setback for President Bush , who needs the support of Democrats to pass the tax cut through the Democratic-controlled Senate .
Some 71 % had bought some stock in the past year ; only 57 % had sold any .
Still , two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios , says Brian Mattes , a vice president .
`` I do n't think I have a life style that is , frankly , so flamboyant , '' he says .
10 billion yen ( $ 70 million ) of 6 % bonds due Feb. 24 , 1993 , priced at 101 1\/4 , via Daiwa Europe Ltd .
For example , he says that since 1985 , he and Mr. Peters have developed over 85 movie projects , and Warner has `` passed '' or chosen not to produce at least 76 .
Last week another potential buyer , Whitehall Financial Group -- which had agreed in August to purchase most of Integrated 's core companies for $ 310 million -- ended talks with Integrated .
The citation was misstated in Friday 's edition .
The ambitious Warsaw project still awaits approval by city officials .
Analysts say Mr. Suominen had grown increasingly worried about the state 's potential financial exposure as Waertsilae Marine 's losses ballooned to more than double the figure estimated in August .
For example , copper for December delivery settled 4.5 cents lower at $ 1.2345 a pound .
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson .
People got rich through takeovers in those days , as they do today . ''
When the Congress ( I ) lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated .
And Genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 1992 , Ms. Gilbert added .
It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms , elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer , more free-spending era .
But whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend jettisoning stocks entirely during a recession .
Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy .
When the economy stumbled in the mid-1970s , Akzo NV fell out of bed .
JAPANESE COMPANIES fare best in U.S. when they give Americans more say .
Squibb Corp. said net rose 17 % to $ 144.5 million , or $ 1.47 a share , from $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share .
After the payment , Healthcare still will be $ 6.5 million in arrears on rent and mortgage payments to HealthVest , a real estate investment trust whose portfolio consists largely of properties operated by Healthcare .
Four years ago , he jailed all nine members of the Cambria County School Board for several hours after they defied his order to extend the school year by several weeks to make up for time lost during a teachers ' strike .
But even those numbers do n't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words .
Dr. Vogelstein hopes soon to isolate one on chromosome 18 , also involved in colon cancer .
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator .
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter .
The Consumer Price Index `` A '' , which measures price changes for the 50 % of urban households that spend between 2,000 Hong Kong dollars ( US$ 256.18 ) and HK$ 6,499 a month , edged up 1.5 % in September from August .
The notes will have a principal amount of $ 300 million at maturity .
All the issues were priced at a spread of 37 basis points above the Treasury strips with similar maturities .
`` Trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as RTZ Corp. or Anglo-American Corp. , '' says Mike Kurtanjek , a mining analyst at James Capel & Co. , London .
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen .
Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York , and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions .
But the thing it 's supposed to measure -- manufacturing strength -- it missed altogether last month . ''
Snack-food tonnage increased a strong 7 % in the third quarter , while domestic profit increased in double digits , Mr. Calloway said .
`` We do n't know yet how useful it 's going to be , '' he said .
The pending bill , introduced by Mr. Thurmond , would revive the long-dormant federal death-penalty laws by instituting legal procedures required by the Supreme Court .
Defense intellectuals have complained for years that the Pentagon can not determine priorities because it has no strategy .
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 .
Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply .
Amtrak said it planned to resume some train operations to Oakland late yesterday .
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting .
The bugs will cause problems in `` specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications '' such as word-processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter .
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls .
Sri Lanka , where more than 15,000 people have died in six years of ethnic turmoil , said it will ban sex and violence from state-owned television next year .
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment .
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County .
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
People who start bowling expecting it to be a pleasurable exercise `` have been generally disappointed , '' the report said .
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data .
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year .
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
California Thefts Make Travel Agents Jittery
`` We 're back to square one , '' said Simon Smithson , an analyst in Japan for Kleinwort Benson International Inc .
The board increased by one to 26 members .
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras .
Trading in Hang Seng index futures remains crippled by the experience .
The agreement also provides for potential payments of additional proceeds to National Aluminum over the next two years , depending on the plant 's shipping levels .
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 100 million from $ 81.6 million .
Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission , which investigated the Iran-Contra affair .
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
The final rule wo n't require such a breakdown of the allowances for loan losses , which appears on the balance sheet .
Mrs. Coleman 's husband , Joseph , a physician , succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968 .
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say .
Not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously . ''
Mitsubishi Rayon , a leading advancer Wednesday , fell 44 to 861 as investors grabbed profits .
Oklahoma official Robert Fulton lost a chance for a senior job in the Department of Health and Human Services after right-to-life activists opposed him .
A year later , it was 5.7 million .
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end .
But the amount was still 39 % higher than the year-ago level , and 25 % higher as a percentage of total loans .
The Big Board 's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual .
One is whether there is enough money to fund the new issues without depressing stock trading .
Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti division likes to insist that every dealer construct and furnish a building in a Japanese style .
Mr. Larsen noted `` substantial sales growth '' for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens and Hismanal , a once-a-day antihistamine .
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 .
That 's a big number .
Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure and an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped and trained to handle .
In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation .
Now this remarkable economic growth seems to be coming to an end because the government has not converted itself into a modern , democratic , `` developed nation '' mode of operation .
Mr. Heller , now at VISA International , was a governor of the Federal Reserve Board from 1986 until earlier this year .
A Carbide spokesman said `` the conditions are right for the increase to hold . ''
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 57.125 a share , up $ 3.125 .
The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses .
There 's a pretty good program inside all the noise of `` Mancuso FBI . ''
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects .
Simpson is an auto parts maker .
On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes .
Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France .
The figures exclude businesses now organized as American Express Information Services Co .
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795 , or nearly 20 % , to 75,500 .
All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway .
If Japanese companies are so efficient , why does Kawasaki-Rikuso Transportation Co. sometimes need a week just to tell its clients how soon it can ship goods from here to Osaka ?
It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field .
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . ''
`` They have the most sophisticated computers in the world , '' says Mr. LLerena .
The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts . ''
SMYRNA , Ga. --
But Erik Dunlaevy , a sugar analyst with Balfour Maclaine International Ltd. , said the explanation for the latest drop in sugar prices is much simpler : Speculators , he said , `` got too long too soon and ran into resistance around the old contract highs . ''
The Port of Houston closed its terminal for handling bulk cargo .
`` It 's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough , it 's almost malpractice not to use them , '' he says .
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 .
Jerell paid Ms. Garratt royalties for the line known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores .
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares .
Charges for staff cuts and other restructuring produced a net loss of $ 54.1 million , or 77 cents a share , in 1988 's third quarter .
Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : `` I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage . ''
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts .
A spokesman for Democratic Sen. Pell of Rhode Island said , however , that the Immigration and Naturalization Service would review the stowaway 's request .
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid .
Those duties had been held by Van Pell , 44 , who resigned as an executive vice president .
Particularly touchy are the cases of New York , which is Drexel 's base , and California , the base of Drexel 's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm 's legal difficulties .
Republicans have as much interest as Democrats in `` the way the system works , '' he notes .
Many economists think the rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress in trade , because it makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper .
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . ''
Texas Rep. William Archer , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said , `` I do n't see how we have the votes '' to place a capital-gains tax cut there .
Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot , a little charm , a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig .
Under New York law , elected judges must retire at age 70 , but then can be appointed to two-year terms until they reach 76 .
And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat .
Every man Kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical , viciously patronizing , revoltingly lecherous , or all three .
Tucson Electric closed at $ 20.875 a share , down 25 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
It is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without CFCs .
Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit .
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ?
The company said it did n't receive an offer it wanted to accept .
The New York market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in .
These features are also used in Matanky Realty Group 's Grand Boulevard Plaza .
Commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in Credit Lyonnais , until the Socialists returned to government last year and canceled plans to privatize the large French bank .
Amcore , also a bank holding company , has assets of $ 1.06 billion .
Rally 's Inc. , a Louisville , Ky. , restaurant franchisor , started trading under RLLY .
Refcorp was created to help fund the thrift bailout .
In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe .
But healthy skepticism vanishes when they are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer , famine , child abuse , or what have you .
The market is still 4 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap .
Details and Camden are essential Florio .
`` Look how much air is moving around ! '' he says .
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes .
`` The market started with several strikes against it , '' said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating .
A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere .
Many troubled properties have n't been foreclosed on and are hard to identify , says Albert I. Berger , who heads the Secaucus , N.J. , office of Helmsley-Spear Inc. , a real estate brokerage .
While Ms. Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira , Prof. Schimmel will continue to work at MIT , serve on Amira 's board and own a small equity stake in the company .
And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership .
Mr. Niciporuk sits .
In the nine months , net fell 3 % to $ 106 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 110 million , or $ 1.05 a share .
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
Traders are already buckling their seat belts .
Lawmakers have n't publicly raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras , and President Bush parried the question at a news conference here Saturday , saying only that `` if there 's an all-out military offensive , that 's going to change the equation 180 degrees . ''
`` It 's impossible to overstate how much this means to the families of these patients , '' said Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute and a main developer of AZT .
Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues .
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal .
Some dealers say other traders were n't picking up their phones .
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth .
United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications and spare parts .
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
Comments by John Major , who has succeeded Mr. Lawson , also failed to damp market concern , despite his pledge to maintain relatively high British interest rates .
Although acquiring a foreign company would expand Japanese advertising agencies ' business to foreign clients , many clients would also be Japanese companies expanding overseas , says the Dentsu spokesman .
He tapped Jimmy Johnson , a teammate on the 1964 University of Arkansas squad and the head coach at the University of Miami , where he led the Hurricanes to five winning seasons and a national championship in 1987 .
This means `` tracking , '' whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work .
In it , traders buy or sell stocks and offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from fleeting price discrepancies .
He seems to be typical of many professional money managers .
`` A menu by phone could let you decide , ` I 'm interested in just the beginning of story No. 1 , and I want story No. 2 in depth , '' Mr. Monsky says .
`` I 'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty , '' Robert Patricelli of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce told Mr. Waxman 's panel .
Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake .
And as Aeroflot struggles to boost its service standards , upgrade its fleet and pursue commercial opportunities , the Irish aviation industry seems poised to benefit .
The loss , which is 38 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade and compares with net income of $ 55.3 million , or 68 cents a share , in the year-ago period .
But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics .
The carrier has n't yet turned a profit .
`` Japanese stock salesmen selling American bonds ?
But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said .
First Fidelity said it boosted its loan-loss provision to $ 50.9 million from $ 20.4 million a year ago , primarily because of a weaker real-estate sector in the region .
It 's unclear whether Eastern will succeed in overturning the arbitrator 's decision , made in a long-simmering `` pay parity '' dispute that predates both the carrier 's Chapter 11 petition and its 1986 acquisition by Texas Air .
As a result , Wells Fargo 's net interest income rose $ 36.3 million , or 7 % , to $ 537 million for the quarter .
San Francisco area officials gave the media high marks for helping people find shelter and obtain emergency information after Tuesday 's catastrophic earthquake .
Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings .
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern .
USX is funneling drilling pipe to steel-hungry Soviet Union .
Interpublic declined comment .
I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington .
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate .
At PaineWebber Inc. , they are `` investment executives . ''
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 5\/8 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered .
Mr. Peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in Hollywood , and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully .
While each of the Hamilton-Dorgan proposals represents only a small step , together they would erode the Fed 's independence , Mr. Greenspan said .
When it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 150 a share , down more than $ 28 from Monday 's close .
That gives them both the threat of a strike and the ability to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work .
Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water .
Motorola is fighting back against junk mail .
In Texas , taxes and development costs are also lower , they said .
Thus , optimistic entrepreneurs await a promised land of less red tape -- just as soon as Uncle Sam gets around to arranging it .
The Sheraton Moscow will charge about $ 140 to $ 150 a day for each of its rooms , and it will accept payment only in currencies that can be traded in foreign exchange markets , according to a Sheraton executive .
Town & Country Ford in Charlotte , N.C. , still needs to move about 850 1989 cars and trucks .
And it is n't the only giant issue : together , the top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion .
Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 21 % in its third quarter ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue .
BizMart , another retailing stock , was off 3\/8 to 8 1\/4 on nearly 80,000 shares .
All anyone need do is hang up a shingle and start planning .
Get out of the possibly collapsing building to the parking lot .
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Petrie said that on Oct. 26 Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Mr. Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares .
But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % .
Rorer Group Inc. will report that third-quarter profit rose more than 15 % from a year earlier , though the gain is wholly due to asset sales , Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said .
The maker of chemical and industrial materials did n't say how much it would pay or when it would make the transactions .
With newly installed escalators , the store retains its signature wood-and-brass look but is less intimidating .
Adolph Coors Co. said its Coors Brewing Co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the West beginning early next year .
Among her OTC picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh and A&W Brands .
A genetic probe showed the hemoglobin gene was missing , the researchers report in the medical journal Lancet .
The stars do that themselves . )
Viewers may not be cheering , either .
Lucas Industries , a British automotive and aerospace concern , rose 13 pence to 614 pence after it said its pretax profit for the year rose 28 % .
A university student got eight years for participating in the rallies , sources in Beijing said , while an 18-year-old worker got 10 years .
The defense lawyers , three of whom are solo practitioners , say they ca n't afford to put their law practices on hold for another seven-month trial .
Revenue was flat at $ 2.59 billion .
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 .
The plan thus will decrease by 22 % , for a net loss of 10 % , the number of students admitted primarily by academic criteria .
Commentators would fret over the implications for the G-7 coordination process and the stability of world financial markets .
A brief `` executive summary '' was issued last April , and attracted some , but not much , attention .
But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities .
At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business .
The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement .
In the end , is Mr. Noriega the political equivalent of Frankenstein 's monster , created by a well-intentioned but misguided foreign power ?
According to one analyst , prices opened higher because of reports over the weekend that Brazil and Colombia , at the Pan-American summit meeting in Costa Rica , had agreed to a reduction in their coffee export quotas for the sake of creating a new agreement .
Some of the biggest service-industry exporters -- American financial-service companies , for example -- have yet to be fully included in our export statistics .
There have been three days of hot , wind-swept rain , and now with the first sun we are after speckled seatrout , which with redfish provides most of the game fishing hereabouts .
The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions .
Mr. Kimmel was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 1980 .
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls .
Mr. Meyer 's personal style was illustrated by his pinning a $ 100 bill to a high-school bulletin board on which other coaches tacked their cards .
John Padovan , 51 years old , was named a deputy chairman .
Hambros rose 5 to 204 , and Schroders rose 25 to # 12.75 .
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw .
Out of the blue , the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy .
`` For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show .
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail .
The sale of the extrusion division is subject to audit adjustments for working capital changes through the closing .
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . ''
Not all those who wrote oppose the changes .
Electronic gimmicks are key .
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading .
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers .
The holding company will be called BanPonce Corp .
The scientists at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. isolated a gene that could lead to a generation of plants possessing a high-production trait .
Valhi Inc. , another of Mr. Simmons ' companies , responded to an article Monday in The Wall Street Journal , which credited a story in the Sunday Los Angeles Daily News .
The case is pending .
As of Sept. 30 , Mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago .
After all , they wo n't soon forget the stock bargains that became available after the October 1987 crash .
Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining .
`` When will I get that check for a million dollars ? '' he jokes .
Avon also said it will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants to holders of its Class A , Class B and unclassified warrants .
Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll .
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock .
`` But this way , American will coordinate good extensions to Boston , New York , Chicago and Dallas .
Moreover , much investment is n't aimed at increasing capacity .
NBC 's options could range from news-oriented programming to sports shows , although the network declined to comment .
Republicans acknowledge that few people would be executed under the Thurmond bill , but they contend that is n't the point .
The company downplayed the loss of Mr. Lesk and split his merchandising responsibilities among a committee of four people .
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .
He said that when sell programs kick in , many traders believe that `` there 's no sense in sticking your nose out because you 're an instant loser . ''
Schering-Plough said sales gained 2.7 % to $ 743.7 million from $ 724.4 million .
Hydro-Quebec said it notified Central Maine Power Co. it will cancel a $ 4 billion contract to supply electricity to the Maine utility .
Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer , they single out high-income groups , looking primarily for people who have n't filed New York income-tax returns .
They closed Tuesday in composite trading at $ 13.625 , down 37.5 cents , giving the stock portion of the transaction an indicated value of $ 38.8 million .
It 's a world leader in semiconductors , but behind the U.S. in making the computers that use those chips .
Also under Chapter 11 , a reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors .
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . ''
Norris McLaughlin is a general-practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .
He did n't elaborate .
All major roadways except Interstate 880 , known as the Nimitz Freeway , and the Bay Bridge were open by 1 p.m. yesterday .
VALLEY National Corp. --
A spokesman for the insurance and financial services firm , based in Newark , N.J. , said it hopes to make a decision within three to four months .
In the 15 companies I studied , reversal rates range on the average from 20 % to 40 % .
Mr. McDonough responds : `` I 'm asking people to broaden their agendas . ''
The latest period included a $ 9 million write-down on undeveloped land , while the year-earlier period included a $ 46 million reserve for real-estate losses .
`` Bond investors were hoping that stock prices would continue to fall , '' said Roger Early , a vice president at Federated Investors Inc. , Pittsburgh .
The company said it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
The industrial revolution has produced an explosion in the capital market , which is a far cheaper source of funds than government-controlled banks , where interest rates for prime borrowers are around 16 % .
In a prepared statement , GM suggested its plans for Jaguar would be more valuable in the long run than the initial windfalls investors might reap from a hostile Ford bid .
Oncor , a six-year-old developer of genetic medical tests , projects that the cancer test will help it to post its first-ever profit during the first quarter of 1990 , Mr. Turner said .
`` That suggests there is a little more inventory overhang than some people expected , '' said Edward Boss , senior financial economist at Continental Bank in Chicago .
Mr. Barnicle reminded readers that he still has n't forgiven Globe management for questioning a $ 20 expense chit he submitted for parking his car while chasing a story .
The company agreed to sell its minority investments in makers of steam-generating and related equipment , Stein Industrie and Energie & Verfahrenstechnik , to the major shareholder in the companies , Dutch-based GEC Alsthom N.V .
Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp. said they extended their offer for Connaught BioSciences Inc. , valued at 866 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 736 million ) to Oct. 27 .
Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning .
That makes them a reasonable option for investors who will accept some risk of price fluctuation in order to make a bet that interest rates will decline over the next year or so .
'' By lowering prices throughout its stores , she says , `` Sears has the right idea . ''
For example , the iced-tea radio campaign for Thomas J. Lipton Co. , an Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , unit of Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group , emphatically proclaims : `` Real Texans do not wear dock-siders -- ever .
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether .
The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective .
`` It becomes a source of cash '' for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years .
And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship ( `` Feelings '' is a must ) without condescension .
When Aetna adjuster Bill Schaeffer visited a retired couple in Oakland last Thursday , he found them living in a mobile home parked in front of their yard .
The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations .
Great .
The Tokyo maker of ceramic capacitors said it purchased a plant in Plymouth .
Despite his racial advantage , to be a great butler is a heroic calling ; one 's pantry is `` not unlike general 's headquarters during a battle . ''
Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June .
Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month .
The S&P 500 contract that expires in December closed up a record 15.65 points on volume of nearly 80,000 contracts .
Martha was pleased , but nowhere near as much as Mr. Engelken .
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . ''
GM 's Hughes Electronics unit said profit slid 22 % in the third quarter .
The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn .
Investment banking revenue fell 32 % to $ 205 million , in part reflecting the continued slowdown of the underwriting business .
Commodities :
In 1987 , KKR for the second time piled debt onto Storer 's TV stations , selling them for $ 1.3 billion to a new entity that was 45%-owned by KKR and 55%-owned by Gillett Corp. , which now operates the SCI TV stations .
`` With the futures-trading halt , you could only sell stocks '' to cut exposure to the market , says a money manager .
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned .
To my knowledge , no government entities , including the EPA , are pursuing UV-B measurements .
The most active shares were major blue-chips , particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas and British Telecommunications .
In a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , GE asserted that `` prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . ''
12:38 a.m .
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter .
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are .
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished .
Industry executives are wishing Mr. Achenbaum well .
Or call it the wave of the future .
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production .
Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said .
This article is adapted from one in the October American Spectator .
After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share .
Mr. Palmero recommends Temple-Inland , explaining that it is `` virtually the sole major paper company not undergoing a major capacity expansion , '' and thus should be able to lower long-term debt substantially next year .
Another agency issue came to market yesterday .
Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October .
From the air , ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site .
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 .
Said Earl Ellis , a Jacobson partner who got involved in the UAL action , `` It all starts all over again '' today .
Columbia also has unrealized gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 70 million .
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco .
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
Local bar associations in some states have numbers that provide free tape-recorded messages explaining certain areas of the law .
Succeeding Mr. Whittington as deputy chairman of the group is Anthony Richmond-Watson , 43 , currently a main board member .
Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price .
Indeed , only hours earlier , Mrs. Thatcher had called Mr. Lawson 's economic policies `` sound '' and said she has `` always supported '' him .
Certainly I do not .
In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public .
It struck me as a way to get back to what I really want to do . ''
To be economically feasible , the 11 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 9.37 billion ) project requires almost a doubling of natural gas export prices .
It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia , where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes .
Then , in 1988 , a proposal to keep better track of income by selling prepaid cards for pachinko was fielded in parliament .
Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all .
A year earlier sales totaled 7.567 billion francs .
Thus , analysts say , the trust is unlikely to do anything that would hurt Manville 's other shareholders .
`` The { influence of the } U.S. is not being felt in Central America ; Washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are divorced from reality , '' says Fernando Volio , a Costa Rican congressman and former foreign minister .
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets .
Dennis R. Mangino , a general manager of EniChem Americas , was named vice president of research and development , a new post at this steel company .
ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES Inc. declared a dividend of 40 cents a share on its $ 16.50 cumulative convertible preferred stock , payable Jan. 2 to stock of record Dec. 8 .
John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year .
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights .
Of the 11 components to the index , only three others rose in September : the money supply , the length of the average work week and stock prices .
Japan has climbed up from the ashes of World War II and a gross national product of about $ 800 per capita to reach the heavyweight class among industrialized nations .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Marsh & McLennan advanced 3 1\/8 to 75 7\/8 , Alexander & Alexander Services climbed 2 to 32 and Corroon & Black firmed 1 7\/8 to 37 1\/2 .
With the collapse of the talks Friday , European analysts expect Ford to intensify its pursuit of British luxury car maker Jaguar PLC , which is scrambling to fend off a hostile Ford bid by negotiating a friendly alliance with Ford 's archrival , General Motors Corp .
`` On certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known , '' he says .
For the past couple of years , Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business .
Separately , Reebok completed the acquisition of CML Group Inc. 's Boston Whaler unit , a builder of power boats .
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % .
The Pentagon foiled the plan .
Her mother was a translator ; her father was `` the eternal vice director . ''
Under the circumstances , it wo n't be easy for GM to exceed its record 1988 fourth-quarter net of $ 1.4 billion , the spokesman acknowledged .
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships .
( It recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 213 . )
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen .
`` Jazz Cleopatra '' contains other , more important , false notes that undermine what is , for the most part , a lively account of a life already familiar from earlier works .
A recent change in French law , according to Toshiba , permitted formation of the semiconductor marketing arm in Paris .
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year .
`` I 'd love it if my daughter had something else to do here , '' says Ms. Cokely , watching seven-year-old Kristin on the water slide at the Strip 's Wet 'n' Wild water park .
`` We 're seeing a real turnaround in interest in small growth stocks , '' he says .
Advances in aircraft fuel efficiency over the years made a Shannon stop unnecessary for most Western air fleets , but Aeroflot still flies inefficient Ilyushins that ca n't make it from Moscow to Managua on one hop .
Some current rates exceed those on CDs .
The consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period .
Initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 396,000 during the week ended Oct. 7 from 334,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said .
A spoiler , nimble Tandem Computers Inc. in Cupertino , Calif. , jumped into the fray earlier this week with an aggressively priced entry .
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital .
The recent natural disasters , and the need of many other cities to rebuild crumbling infrastructure , suggests that supply of new issues will continue to rise sharply -- even as demand tapers off .
Mobil officials said they have been studying ways of streamlining these operations since early this year .
The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others were from industry and academia .
Manufacturers ' shipments rose 0.3 % in August following two months of declines .
PS of New Hampshire amended its plan to call for two years of 5.5 % rate increases followed by five years of 4.5 % increases .
The legislation , approved 345-47 and sent to the Senate , establishes two enterprise funds , to be governed by independent nonprofit boards , which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland .
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland .
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces .
He also leads an opulent life style .
In a country where elbow room is scarce , laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry 's future growth .
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today .
In March , N M Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of # 4.1 billion ( $ 6.51 billion ) and 1.26 billion Swiss francs ( $ 774 million ) , respectively .
Rally officials were n't available to comment late yesterday .
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks .
Thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic .
For one thing , there is an old master on the wall -- `` Samuel Anointing David , '' a big baroque canvas painted by Mattia Preti , a 17th-century Neapolitan .
Dedication runs high .
A spokeswoman for Millicom , a telecommunications company , said she did n't know the value of the contract .
UAL currently has 22.6 million shares , fully diluted .
He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge , Conn .
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through .
Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector .
Bonds : Excludes bond funds .
The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it .
He added that `` having just one firm do this is n't going to mean a hill of beans .
Claiming program trading has turned the Big Board into a `` gambling casino , '' Contel Chairman Charles Wohlstetter said that he and at least 20 other corporate executives are forming an unprecedented alliance .
The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering .
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view .
Ms. Parks and her mother indicated they want to `` catch him unawares from behind , '' he says .
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. 's net income rose 29 % on a modest 9 % increase in revenue in the third quarter , mainly on strong advertising demand at its ABC television network operation .
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers .
By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives .
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six .
For instance , he suggests that salespeople making telephone calls should say to themselves : `` All I want to do today is get 50 rejections . ''
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much .
His latest coup : September 's masterminding of the five billion Swiss-franc ( $ 3.07 billion ) merger between Adia S.A. , the world 's second-largest temporary employment agency , and Inspectorate International S.A. , a Rey-controlled product-inspection company .
Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991 .
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party .
There is a huge divide between Mr. Allen 's we're-all-in-this-together view and the divisive litigation approach of the civil rights groups .
He also told reporters the acquisition would give Paribas fresh diversity , bringing it properties in food and transport where it has been weak .
Back in the chase car , we drove around some more , got stuck in a ditch , enlisted the aid of a local farmer to get out the trailer hitch and pull us out of the ditch .
The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago .
Then there is the artifical sea wall , 600 yards long and 60 yards thick , jutting into the ocean .
Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses .
`` They all said they invested huge amounts of money .
Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares .
But Mr. Greenspan remains reluctant to loosen policy , partly because he faces a phalanx of presidents of regional Fed banks who oppose credit easing .
But there are limits .
They try to figure out the long-term results the person needs to meet major goals .
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC 's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52 .
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months .
She has lots of opinions .
But at this point , that may just be wishful thinking .
B.A.T has been London 's best-performing blue chip over the past six months , up 40 % against a 4 % rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index .
At current allocations , that means EPA will be spending $ 300 billion on itself .
Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 6.2 million from a plant closing .
December copper opened near Monday 's close , tried to rally but failed , and then triggered stop-loss orders on its way down to settle at $ 1.1510 a pound , off 4.50 cents for the day .
Axa has agreed to acquire Farmers from Sir James 's investment vehicle , Hoylake Investments Ltd. , for $ 4.5 billion plus a $ 1 billion investment in Hoylake .
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program-trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue .
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete .
It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof. Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale .
UAL 's board could reject the new price as too low , especially since there are n't any competing bids .
For fiscal 1988 , Ashland had net of $ 224 million , or $ 4.01 a share , on revenue of $ 7.8 billion .
The company took a $ 20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended April 29 , related to discontinuing the service .
Nissan 's pace of new-model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch-rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars .
VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated .
But the basic technology in the line is almost five years old , which means it is long in the tooth , and competitors are rolling out strong products of their own .
In late August , four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house .
Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical and agrochemical company , and Usha Rectifier Corp . ( India ) , a semiconductor maker .
There is no rational justification for such behavior .
But in the light of events in Panama , where the U.S. has such clear strategic interests , waiting for the Delta Force may prove to be a dangerous gambit .
He is negotiating a rich book contract to boot .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
The Fed arranged $ 1.5 billion of customer repurchase agreements Tuesday , the second repurchase agreement in two days .
Surveying all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all .
SUN MICROSYSTEMS INC. , Mountain View , maker of desktop computers , annual sales $ 1.77 billion , OTC , no injured employees and very little damage to buildings .
Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself :
But not Richard Cottrell , a San Francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues .
Because of the vagaries of Gramm-Rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small .
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine .
However , in light of the risks involved in such transactions , banks should satisfy themselves that they have the skills to participate in this market and clear policy guidelines on acceptable levels of exposure to such transactions , he said .
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir .
Ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the U.K. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early .
The Department of Housing and Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless , the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims , and the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic .
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank .
Because index-fund managers are no longer satisfied with merely being average , they have developed `` enhanced '' indexing strategies that are intended to outperform the market as much as three percentage points .
Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc .
Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one , and is building a plant in Louisiana to produce it .
In other markets :
California enacted a rights law in 1988 .
These shares will be bought by SIBV-MS Holdings at $ 41.75 each after the acquisition of the minority shares .
Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which Kemper and others say is ruining the market .
Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones .
With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position .
Nucor 's plant in Crawfordsville , Ind. , ultimately will produce only one million tons annually , a drop in the 40-million-ton-a-year flat-rolled steel bucket , and it will be years before such plants can compete in the high-profit market .
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday , as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy .
But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt .
While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices , futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly .
Although Paribas Chairman Michel Francois-Poncet would n't rule out eventually selling all of Navigation Mixte 's insurance operations to Allianz , he stressed the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate .
If Mr. Krenz sticks to rigid policies the pressure from the Soviet Union could intensify .
Ms. Tilly of the tweety-bird voice showed great comic promise during her stint as the mobster 's girlfriend on the television show , `` Hill Street Blues . ''
Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes .
Homerun = jonron .
The maker of farm equipment said the three-year labor agreement with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers at John Deere Horicon Works , Deere 's primary facility for producing lawn and grounds-care equipment , takes effect immediately and extends through Oct. 1 , 1992 .
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily .
On July 18 , 1974 , International Nickle of Canada -- advised by Morgan -- offered $ 28 a share , equal to $ 157 million , for ESB , a Philadelphia battery maker .
`` There 's no feed , '' he says .
Rep. Smith died in a plane crash on Aug. 13 .
One of these is Jeffrey L. Beach , director of research for Underwood Neuhaus & Co. , a brokerage house in Houston , who thinks that `` we 're either in a recession or about to go into one . ''
If so , the damages could be tripled .
If there is no law against it , do it .
Three minutes into the massage , the man curled up , began shaking and turned red .
But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes in an effort to end apartheid .
But the Japanese insist upon Japanese managers everywhere they set up shop .
Last Friday the 13th ( as well as two years ago this week ) the markets became unlinked .
So the men who ran the grain pits listened when Joseph Sullivan , a 35-year-old former Wall Street Journal newsman , offered them the idea of all-options trading .
Annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in October from 3.55 % in September .
Most investment-grade bonds fell 3\/8 to 1\/2 point .
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo .
The U.S. electronics industry estimates that the HDTV market will total about $ 150 billion over the next two decades , with an additional $ 400 billion expected to go for related products .
Stop orders are sometimes called `` stop-loss '' orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses .
`` I am only afraid that with Vietnam 's poor-quality products we ca n't compete with neighboring countries .
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains .
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details .
Frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the roller-coaster session on Wall Street Tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest West German trade union .
Mr. Greenspan also said that although he favors cutting capital-gains taxes as sound economic policy , he would oppose such a move if it would undo the political compromise embodied in the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and result in higher marginal income tax rates .
Here are details of yesterday 's 51-day cash management bill auction :
West Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was at 99.95 late yesterday , off 0.10 point from Monday , to yield 7.01 % .
However , HealthVest said the Tokyo bank indicated that it wo n't accelerate HealthVest 's $ 50 million loan .
`` He does n't want to have the image of the gun man , '' says Fred Oldenburg , an expert at the Bonn-sponsored Institute of East European and International Studies in Cologne .
`` This has been a 15-pound earthquake for me , '' said resident Joan O'Shea , who works in an acupuncturist 's office .
Some in Arizona think that may be optimistic .
All this is causing convulsions in professional football .
Your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company .
Similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 .
Montedison , which owns about 72 % of the company 's common stock , agreed to buy the rest for $ 37 a share .
In Moscow , the Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb a black market for hard currency .
They talked of the home run .
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , the entity formed from the recent acquisition of Squibb Corp. by Bristol-Myers Co. , logged the largest volume decline , 7,592,988 shares , to 12,017,724 .
The plan indeed raises from 40 % to 50 % the number of freshmen applicants admitted strictly by academic criteria .
While the campaign was Mr. Gibbons 's idea , however , he wo n't be paying for it : The donations will come out of the chain 's national advertising fund , which is financed by the franchisees .
Union Tank Car Co. , offering of $ 100 million of equipment trust certificates , via Salomon Brothers .
True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds .
Michael Deaver , the former White House aide , has become the most recent addition to the teeming ranks of fallen politicians and officials earning their way as lobbyists and consultants here .
Conversely , strong consumer spending in the U.S. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate .
Currently , a registered investment adviser can expect an SEC audit only once every 12 years .
Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him .
In Japan , about 1 % are linked .
`` It was their business decision , '' the official said .
One news show we saw yesterday even displayed 25 federal officials meeting around a table .
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock-fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say .
L.J. Hooker Corp. is expected to reach an agreement in principle this week to sell Merksamer Jewelers Inc. to management , say executives familiar with the talks .
Computer-guided buying then kicked in , and the industrials regained 27 points in five minutes .
`` I do n't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price . ''
Earlier this month , Qintex Australia 's $ 1.5 billion agreement to acquire MGM\/UA Communications Co. collapsed because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit the Australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction .
They argue that their own languages should have equal weight , although recent surveys indicate that the majority of the country 's population understands Filipino more than any other language .
Under the previous plan , British Air would have received a 15 % stake in UAL in exchange for a $ 750 million equity investment , with a 75 % stake going to UAL employees and 10 % to UAL management .
Pfizer gained 1 7\/8 to 67 5\/8 , Schering-Plough added 2 1\/4 to 75 3\/4 , Eli Lilly rose 1 3\/8 to 62 1\/8 and Upjohn firmed 3\/4 to 38 .
Amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results .
The machine began shipping at the end of last year .
Then , using a new technique ( called homologous recombination ) for introducing genes into cells , they transferred all five genes to bacteria closely related to the pertussis organism .
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement .
Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them .
In one personal-injury case , a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool , but the fall did n't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish .
`` I think it is a good theme for what looks to be an uncertain market , '' says Steven Einhorn , partner at Goldman Sachs .
The real income of wage-earning families in the month eased 1.2 % to 438,845 yen from the previous year .
A drive with 120 megabytes of capacity is scheduled for release during the third quarter of 1990 .
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years .
At last night 's sale , 13 of 44 works that sold were purchased by Aska International Gallery , the art-acquisition unit of Aichi Financial , a Japanese conglomerate that owns 7.5 % of Christie 's .
But it says that rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care .
It was only earlier this year that the jovial , easygoing executive -- he likes to joke with Americans about how his name is synonymous with twelve -- was appointed deputy president .
My vision is to change human consciousness towards touch .
Oleg A. Grinevsky , the chief Soviet negotiator in the conventional-arms talks , argued that this would mean the Soviets would have to destroy some 1,800 tanks , while the U.S. would lose none because it has no light tanks in Europe .
Some even see a silver lining in the dark clouds .
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue .
U.S. Judge Leonard B. Sand set the Garcias ' sentencing for Jan. 5 .
Instead , he says , `` they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver '' on Monday .
Pulp , processed and miscellaneous paper sales also surged .
Planners of the Urban Land Institute real estate conference this week hastily added a panel on the quake 's effects .
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours .
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .
Most of Part A 's costs are paid by a payroll tax on workers and employers .
Lawmakers in Hungary approved legislation granting amnesty to many people convicted of crimes punishable by less than three years in prison .
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 65 days ; 8.375 % 66 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents .
The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets .
( Indeed , RJR Nabisco is currently under fire for having sent 80-second videotapes touting its Now brand to consumers who smoke American Brands ' Carltons . )
Police detained more than 350 people .
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum .
Merrill 's move is one of the most sweeping program-trading pullbacks of recent days , because the big securities firm will no longer execute stock-index arbitrage trades for customers .
In addition , some microelectronics companies said they were prepared for tremulous conditions like Tuesday 's .
In 1988 , 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise , district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work .
Each claims to possess the right technology and wants just a bit more money to make it commercial .
This creates several problems .
No prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages .
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million .
HOT TOPIC :
Did n't feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior .
The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , mostly in 1986 or 1987 , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year over the life of the contracts .
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls .
Whittle is spending $ 150 million initially to launch the network .
While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office .
Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1,300,000 common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham .
It was the third consecutive month in which thrifts shed assets to increase the size of their capital in relation to their assets , the Office of Thrift Supervision said .
b - Includes a $ 41.3 million gain on the sale of FiberCom .
Japan plans to send the Chinese back home and is negotiating with the Chinese government , a Justice Ministry official said .
Similarly , Alfred Rubega , New Hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about Drexel , so it really could n't press the issue .
Because the carrier is still pledging to do that , some committee members successfully argued that there 's little reason yet to explore a different plan , according to one person familiar with the creditors ' position .
But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker , Daihatsu Motor Co .
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
The week 's total was down 7.1 % from 297,446 tons a year earlier .
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa .
In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black . ''
Because the stock prices of some paper companies already reflect an expected profit slump , PaineWebber 's Mr. Ross says he thinks that next year the share prices of some companies may fall at most only 5 % to 10 % .
The state quit shoving peasants onto its subsidized farms over 30 years ago .
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit .
Tough talk from trade union officials at the conference of the powerful IG Metall metals worker union in West Berlin raised the specter of nationwide strikes next spring , they said .
On some occasions when Mr. Dinkins has discussed the issues during the campaign , he has run into a familiar kind of trouble .
`` Unions would have a profound effect on the whole culture of the company , '' says Bernard La Londe , a professor at Ohio State University at Columbus and a Federal consultant .
London Metal Exchange warehouse stocks were down only 4,800 metric tons for the week to 84,500 tons ; expectations late last week were a drop of 10,000 to 15,000 tons .
In another report yesterday , the Commerce Department said sales of new single-family houses plunged 14 % in September to an annual rate of 618,000 from 719,000 in August .
The company said the dollar 's continued strengthening reduced world-wide sales growth by three percentage points .
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves .
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it will start enforcing stiffer regulations Jan. 31 for so-called gray-market imports of vehicles .
Now it says it 'll trim another 1,200 jobs over the next three to four years .
Gen. Scowcroft is particularly well-versed in arms control , and Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet politics and society .
Seats currently are quoted at $ 400,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked .
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics .
Last week , a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $ 268 million of home-equity securities .
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables .
It was worth it , just for the look on Albert 's face . ''
Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % to $ 532 million , or $ 1.30 a share , from $ 557 million , or $ 1.36 a share .
Sales rose nearly 2 % to $ 8.13 billion from $ 7.98 billion .
Detroit-to-Tokyo flights were booked solid this week as Motor City executives , including Ford Motor Co. Chairman Donald E. Petersen and Chrysler Corp. Vice Chairman Gerald Greenwald , flocked to see the future .
As a result of the adhesive problem on the Ford Escort subcompacts , windshields may easily separate from the car during frontal impact , the U.S. auto maker said .
`` The New Crowd '' by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld ( Little , Brown , 444 pages , $ 19.95 ) , describes the displacing of the old `` our crowd '' Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Saul Steinberg , Carl Icahn , Sanford Weill and Bruce Wasserstein .
I do n't think that is the case . ''
Loral said it expects sales to accelerate in both the third and fourth quarters of this fiscal year .
American Business Computer Corp. said it privately placed 1,035,000 common shares at $ 2.50 a share .
Yesterday , the brokerage firm Conning & Co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars .
Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents .
Robert Mellor , Di Giorgio 's executive vice president , said the company stands to reap more money through the sale of individual units to others than by accepting DIG 's offer .
The index gained 527.39 Tuesday .
But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments .
And New York Life made a plea for Red Cross donations in newspaper ads in the San Francisco area , latching onto the coattails of the Red Cross 's impeccable reputation : `` The Red Cross has been helping people for 125 years .
Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls .
Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians .
In Brussels , which recently spent millions of dollars on a computer-assisted trading system , disgusted traders watched helplessly as a software failure before opening on Manic Monday prevented trading for two days .
Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm .
Pending Shelby County , Tenn. -- $ 80 million of refunding bonds , Series 1989 , via a First Tennessee Bank group .
The new company was created to meet growing demand for steel doors , concurrent with increasing local concern about fire prevention , the company said .
The company said Mr. McKinney plans to retire because the process of affiliating American Fletcher into Banc One `` is considered completed . ''
Integrated Resources said talks have ended with another potential buyer of its core businesses .
Jay Freedman , analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co. , said P&G 's Always sanitary napkin , sold under the Whisper name in Japan , has firmly established itself as a leading brand .
Asian traffic , which currently accounts for 65 % of Cathay 's business , is expected to continue as the carrier 's mainstay .
A program called Notes , which is under development by Lotus , also is designed to sort E-mail sent within work groups .
American Home Products , based in New York , agreed to recall four other products , trazadone , doxepin , diazepam and lorazapam , because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the FDA .
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .
Mr. Hoelzer did n't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge 's decision .
They have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up .
A federal judge in Manhattan threw out the indictment , finding that the seven-year delay violated the defendant 's constitutional right to a speedy trial .
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % .
By contrast , Value Line said Georgia-Pacific `` is in a comparatively good position to deal with weakening paper markets , '' because its production is concentrated not in the Northwest but in the South , where it should be able to avoid some of the cost pressures from rising wood-chip prices .
Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .
And it works best in high-powered personal computers .
A spokesman said later that Mr. Olson was being `` conservative '' in his estimate .
The December contract declined 1.85 cents a pound to $ 1.2645 .
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending .
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Despite such famous tenants as oil magnate John D. Rockefeller , Lake View Cemetery has fallen on hard times .
Some can be bought off relatively cheaply .
Employers Casualty , which reported a $ 53.9 million third-quarter loss late Friday , fell 2 1\/4 to 13 3\/4 .
But at the same time , Mr. Gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over Mr. Wall during House-Senate negotiations over S&L bailout legislation during the summer .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator .
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan .
So what 's the best way to buy stocks ?
Mr. Edelman said the decision `` has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman . ''
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
And like a spy or mystery story , this novel has strong elements of allegory , as the good and evil forces battle it out .
In its suit , the attorney general 's office alleges that brokers encouraged members of the treasurer 's office to engage in high-volume , high-risk transactions that benefited the brokers .
The offering is backed by Freddie Mac 's 10 % issue with a weighted average term to maturity of 29.583 months .
Inco Ltd. posted a 35 % decline in third-quarter net income , a performance that was in line with analysts ' expectations .
Per-share figures this year reflect $ 6.8 million in preferred-share dividends ; the 1988 quarter did n't have such a payout .
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 144.35 million of revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente , due 19931999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2018 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 .
The heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally .
Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s .
-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings ( and management bonuses ) ; the price , a sea of bad loans .
This year , a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed , causing jitters among suppliers , and Mr. Merksamer apparently wanted assurances that he wo n't have delivery problems .
In 1976 , he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and , five years later , became its president .
On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion .
The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year .
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday .
More recently , Mr. Krenz has been in charge of East German security , and is the youngest member of the ruling Politburo .
Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , `` We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody . ''
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . ''
The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms .
The money spent on scrubbers is diverted from planned research on new , cleaner technology .
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , the largest home and auto insurer in California , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from Hurricane Hugo .
A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .
A Mint official says the agency offered to clean the coins for its `` bare-bones '' cost of $ 17,000 plus certain other expenses .
It created special 20-year trusts to allow foreigners 100 % ownership in some once-closed industries .
His allotment of materials also did , until the state could n't hold up its end of that bargain .
Companies would be compelled to publish in annual proxy statements the names of insiders who fail to file reports on time .
Despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring , the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests .
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market .
Mr. Daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express , United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies .
Britain 's unsettled political scene also worries some investors .
The percentage change is since year-end .
While Steppenwolf was in London with `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' Bruce Sagan , the president of its board of directors , quietly returned to Chicago to buy a piece of real estate in the city 's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and theater district .
He indicated that some assets might be sold off to service the debt .
And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad .
In remarks at a White House ceremony marking Polish Heritage Month , Mr. Bush announced that Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter , Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher and Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole will lead the U.S. group .
`` This is the first of many rumors we expect to hear during the sale 's process , '' said a Bloomingdale 's spokesman .
Just yesterday , New Hampshire announced it made a $ 75,000 settlement with Drexel , a record-tying fine for a securities-law matter in that state .
They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge .
`` We were expecting it , following the fall of the Dow Friday , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report .
One team at the Federal Express Ground Operations station in Natick , Mass. , focused on a particularly time-sensitive operation : the morning package sort .
They question if Drexel is getting easier treatment than the many small penny-stock firms whose brokerage licenses are routinely revoked .
The holding company said it has been `` unfairly associated '' with other banks in New England that have had major loan losses in recent quarters .
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index-arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year .
Advertisers now say ` Help us improve our image and extend our selling season . '
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense .
Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 .
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51 % to $ 9.9 million , or 18 cents a share , from $ 20 million , or 35 cents a share , a year earlier .
The Swedish publishing company Bonniers owns 51 % of Are Paev , and the Estonian management company Minor owns 49 % .
Now , as election day nears , even some supporters wonder what he will do if he wins the mayoralty on Nov. 7 .
Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc. , Grosse Pointe Shores , Mich. , estimated it will sell about as many cars in 1990 as the 75,000 it expects to deliver this year .
In many cases , the lawsuit was filed long after the drug was used -- the cancer in the daughters was typically not detected for years -- and there is no way to prove which of several companies manufactured the doses consumed by certain women .
For Mitsubishi Estate , the Rockefeller purchase will catapult it firmly into the overseas real estate business , the one area where it has lagged notably behind Japanese competitors such as Mitsui , which had purchased the Exxon Building .
`` Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community . ''
`` It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , '' an SBA official says .
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles .
( Mr. Reich 's new `` Different Trains '' for string quartet uses the technique magisterially . )
But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience .
For instance , he got a $ 3 million loan from the S&L , negotiated at a below-market rate .
Operating expenses increased 2.6 % to $ 2.04 billion , including one-time pretax charges of $ 40 million for labor contract signing bonuses .
But most junk bonds closed unchanged after opening slightly higher on bargain-hunting by institutional investors .
Algeria also wants to build a pipeline through Morocco and across the Strait of Gibraltar to supply Spain , France and West Germany with up to 15 billion cubic meters a year by the late 1990s .
In September , a New York appellate court overturned a state judge 's ruling that awarded the Cup to the New Zealand team .
He said that while the U.S. trade gap with Canada has widened significantly , the trade deficit with Western Europe and Japan continues to narrow .
The sale is likely to fuel concern about growing Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms .
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead .
Assuming modern audiences readily understand that Moliere 's social indictment covers their world as well as 17th-century Paris , Mr. Wilbur concentrated his formidable artistry on rendering the Alexandrine French verse into sprightly and theatrical English iambic pentameter .
Amcore Financial Inc. said it agreed to acquire Central of Illinois Inc. in a stock swap .
And the reason we do n't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular , as well as to violate some cherished vested interests .
Biotechnology issues were strong .
Call at par after two years and thereafter at par every six months .
`` This is a very personal , ethnic style , '' Mr. Carew says . ``
Ironically , American Airlines ' attempt to lead industry prices higher was reported in the same issue as your survey showing that consumers had the least confidence in the airline industry ( Sept. 20 ) .
General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display in 10 years , and it includes a boxy Buick station wagon with wood-grain side panels .
Giant Group said a federal court in Delaware has denied a motion by Rally 's Inc. seeking to block a group led by Giant Chairman Burt Sugarman from acquiring more of the company 's shares .
From January to early September , the index of stub stocks -- the tiny portion of equity that 's publicly traded following a recapitalization -- outperformed Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index by about 20 % .
Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up .
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable .
AN AIDS DIRECTORY from the American Foundation for AIDS Research rates and reviews educational materials .
Consider Adopting Your Spouse 's Name
`` Most of us grew up believing in the axioms ` Haste makes waste ' and ` Do n't cut corners , ' ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , '' says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp .
Now , two-for-one deals on pizza are common ; so are 99-cent specials on sandwiches normally priced twice as high .
Dr. Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he received and did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium .
A Quotron spokeswoman said recent software changes may have contributed to yesterday 's problems .
He expects the price for that product to rise even more next year .
There is also a busy schedule of speaking engagements at $ 10,000 a pop , at tony places including the Yale Political Union .
If they finish today , the Sharpshooter can pump tomorrow .
As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve .
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back-pay grievance before the arbitrator .
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was awarded an $ 11.5 million Navy contract for oceanographic services .
The debt rose further in 1977 when Mr. Sutton resigned his position as Manhattan borough president to run for mayor .
The bank group also said that it wo n't make additional advances under the $ 150 million credit line .
But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives .
But such caution is no guarantee against mistakes .
Geno M. Apicella , 27 , of Los Angeles , and Terrell N. Madison , 27 , of Hawthorne , were also charged with participating in the conspiracy .
`` One can hardly overemphasize the importance of her rear end , '' Ms. Rose writes .
He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles `` juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw . ''
Rising in the firm , he became powerful and bland , though his new wife , Susan , made him shine in the gossip columns with her profligate spending habits and flamboyant frocks .
Failure to pay the dividend allows Yukon to convert all or some of its shares into NBI common after Nov. 30 , at a conversion price based on NBI 's closing stock price .
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras .
In short , we have a movie and television industry that is either incapable or petrified of making a movie unless it carries a PG-13 or R rating .
Historically , New York is almost always in trouble .
Ms. Bryant , the head of the state securities group , said Drexel has done a better job of settling with the states than E.F. Hutton did after its guilty plea to a massive check-kiting scheme several years ago .
The other five Bay area counties have increased their total damage estimates to $ 2.8 billion .
Central figures -- such as Richard Nixon -- usually fare better than those with supporting roles .
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals .
Merger Fallout : Beware Employee Dishonesty
Can you imagine ?
Union Pacific Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million debt securities and warrants .
First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled .
In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers .
`` I 'm the guy who made him head of New York , head of the U.S. , president of North America , and recommended him { to Mr. Sorrell } as my successor .
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell .
Only 10 years ago , for instance , Lloyd 's was the pre-eminent insurer of thoroughbred horses .
Then , he asked Mr. Pilson to raise his offer anyway : `` If we can have a number that starts with a three , you can have a dea . ''
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) :
The optical products company has signed a licensing agreement with Photoprotective Technologies Inc. , a closely held firm in San Antonio , Texas , which has developed a method to incorporate the synthetic melanin into plastic lenses .
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators .
Insurers buy this insurance protection for themselves by giving up a portion of the premiums they collect on a policy to another firm -- a reinsurance company , which , in turn , accepts a portion of any losses resulting from this policy .
For more than 50 years , it has been the apple of our eye .
Now , after only a dozen moves , spectators were looking for a mating combination .
Pressed on the matter , he is more specific .
American Brands declined to comment on Mr. Wathen 's accusations .
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants .
The Securities and Futures Commission , a government watchdog set up after the 1987 crash to try to restore confidence and order to Hong Kong 's markets , had been expected to give the contract conditional approval last week .
The people who tape the most buy the most . ''
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals .
But the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market , Mr. DaPuzzo said .
Alan Smith , president of Marks & Spencer North America and Far East , says that Brooks Brothers ' focus is to boost sales by broadening its merchandise assortment while keeping its `` traditional emphasis . ''
He predicted the U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks to around 1.78 marks this month and 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year .
Many economists have started predicting a mild recession next year .
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains .
In a stunning shift in direction , Provigo Inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business .
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program .
Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief in early October when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 ( k ) and similar savings plans .
The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB .
Ms. de Vries writes frequently about theater .
However , at a news conference Thursday , Mrs. Aquino backed the project and said her government was attempting to soothe the feelings of residents at the original site , adjacent to the government 's major petroleum refinery in Bataan province .
For example , about 88 % of Journal readers owned stock ( down slightly from 91 % in a similar poll last year ) .
`` We do n't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn . ''
Now , Jerusalem says it is backing up its contention with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to Mr. Arafat .
News of the major earthquake in California Tuesday triggered a round of dollar sales in early Asian trade , but most foreign-exchange dealers said they expect the impact of the quake on financial markets to be short-lived .
Debates are due to be broadcast nationally starting Nov. 21 in a six-month experiment .
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines .
Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury , such as police , bartenders and taxi drivers .
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
From Chevy trucks to Lipton iced tea to a host of battling banks , the state has been inundated with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns celebrating Texans and castigating outsiders .
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .
And plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag , the source said .
Since the crash , many futures traders have n't assumed large positions for fear that the S&P 500 market , with much of its customer order flow missing , would dry up if prices turned against them .
It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture .
Imo Industries Inc. -- $ 150 million of senior subordinated debentures due 2001 , priced at par to yield 12 % .
Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million .
That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement .
Merrill Lynch Capital Markets Inc. is the sole underwriter for the offering .
CHICAGO - Options traders were among the big victims of Friday 's plunging stock market , including one small firm that required an emergency $ 50 million bailout .
`` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance .
@
The company already markets a wide range of detergents , food , household and health-care products .
The machinists are reviewing proposals they made in the past for recapitalizations that would pay a special shareholder dividend and give employees a minority stake .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months .
According to the filing , Hewlett-Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement .
It wo n't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it .
Mr. Pilson calls that loss estimate `` wildly inaccurate , '' conceding only that CBS will lose money on baseball in the first year .
I believe the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large .
But this time it 's hurting opposition as well as ruling-party members .
Mr. Semel , in his affidavit , does n't mention any hugging or congratulating .
Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara said it rescheduled to Nov. 29 a special shareholder meeting to vote on a $ 75 million stock-for-debt exchange .
In this case , the Members outdid themselves .
A leveling off of farmer selling tied to the harvest also removed some of the downward pressure on futures contract prices .
Until last week , Mr. Dinkins was considered a shoo-in .
Things were supposed to change when Vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace , and for awhile they did .
For the future , he said he would run for governor of Florida .
Loral also reported that its bookings more than doubled to $ 654 million in the quarter , ended Sept. 30 , from $ 257 million , in the year-before period .
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again .
But then again , mailing less and smarter wo n't be much help if the mail ends up in the garbage anyway .
For example , although insider trading has long been criminal , it has never been statutorily defined .
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif .
`` The downsizing of the thrift industry is well under way , '' said Bert Ely , an industry consultant in Alexandria , Va .
The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding .
Our October 12 editorial should have been more precise .
That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings .
Yesterday , Armstrong announced an agreement to sell its small Applied Color Systems unit to a subsidiary of the Swiss company , Brauerei Eichof Ltd .
They doled it out using the existing formula , however , which meant that even those countries that could n't produce more received higher official allotments .
A half-dozen candidates , backing policies ranging from Thatcherism to watered-down Marxism , are given a chance of winning .
Estimated volume was a light 1.7 million ounces .
Beyond that , it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity .
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said .
`` This is designed to get the wagons in a circle and defend the smoking franchise . ''
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 4\/32 , down 1\/32 .
As you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were curtailed in 1982 by the Coastal Barrier Resource System .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Baxter closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 12.5 cents .
In October , net sales of stock funds at Fidelity dropped sharply , Mr. Hines said .
Because the CD had an effective yield of 13.4 % when it was issued in 1984 , and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then , part of the price Dr. Blumenfeld paid was a premium -- an additional amount on top of the CD 's base value plus accrued interest that represented the CD 's increased market value .
The proposal , however , was immediately rebuffed by Arby 's parent , DWG Corp .
Fujisawa Pharmaceutical gained 130 to 1,930 yen ( $ 13.64 ) a share , Mochida Pharmaceutical was up 150 at 4,170 , and Eisai advanced 60 to 2,360 .
Malaysia 's High Court is expected to approve the plan .
The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before and after the ad campaign , and found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased or stayed the same .
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 .
Exact comparisons with the previous year were unavailable because of a change in the company 's fiscal calendar .
At about 10:10 a.m. EDT , the market abruptly turned upward on stock-index arbitrage buy programs .
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 .
Yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem .
On July 2 , 1987 , the tanker S.S. Glacier Bay struck a rock and spilled almost 150,000 gallons of oil into the Cook Inlet .
Securities regulators praise Drexel for its energetic effort , led by government-approved general counsel Saul S. Cohen , to settle its legal problems with the states .
Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud ; it also made a $ 650 million civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
x - There were 9 selling days in the most recent period and 9 a year earlier .
Nissan had 29 % of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year .
Robin Honiss , president and chief executive officer of this bank holding company , was elected to the additional posts of chairman , president and chief executive of the company 's New England Savings Bank subsidiary .
The most remarkable feature about yesterday 's action was that the price of roughly $ 370 an ounce was regarded as attractive enough by gold producers around the world to aggressively sell gold , Mr. Mehta said .
After taking into account the fallout from the China crisis , the government has projected 1989 GDP growth of 5 % .
PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC CO. , San Francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 7.6 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , undetermined damage to four nearby substations , severe structural damage to a major power plant at Moss Landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 400,000 residences without electricity and 69,000 without gas , can not reconnect electricity until it is certain there are no gas leaks , no predictions on when this will happen .
They could all fairly be described as `` pap '' courses .
The Denver-based concern , which emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings late last year , is controlled by the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust .
And Seita is considering further diversification .
Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.7 million ) and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom .
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people : Turkey , we are told , is not a Christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition .
Time Warner is in the process of completing its acquisition of the remaining Warner shares .
I used to wear hats in Russia , but I had to make them and my dresses .
Last year , 45,000 went .
For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , `` the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not .
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . ''
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night .
Paribas said that once it receives the go-ahead from French stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its Navigation Mixte stake to 66.7 % from the current 18.7 % .
Last year , the total women 's fashion jewelry business topped $ 4.9 billion , says Karen Alberg , editor of Accessories magazine .
Mr. Hickey added that the stones found in Hong Kong are thought to carry double the U.S. radiation limit , although he noted that double or even triple the U.S. limit is `` still in the range of safe levels . ''
`` We are still only half way through the turnaround of this company , and there are many more things to do , '' President Kume says .
The National Cancer Institute also projected that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate .
Complete details were n't immediately available .
There still are some details to be nailed down .
He withdrew the remark .
`` It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , '' Mr. Katz says .
Past Due Impasse
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend .
West Germans get glitz , with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background .
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change .
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
Integrated senior and junior creditors are owed a total of about $ 1.8 billion .
Mr. Mingo was hospitalized Sept. 23 and died Monday , according to Samuel J. Chisholm , the agency 's president and chief operating officer .
But it 's rare to see both functions in one case .
Others have tried to spruce up frequent-flier programs .
Advertisers attribute this shared loyalty to the striking similarity among brands .
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million .
Researchers in Edinburgh , Scotland , have found that in 23 of 38 breast tumors , one copy of chromosome 17 was mutated at the spot where gene p53 lies .
That would would make it appealing to a network such as Interpublic that already has a healthy New York presence .
Mr. Ondaatje could n't be reached for comment , but Roy Mac-Laren , chairman of CB Media , a closely held concern that publishes two business magazines , said his company would take a close look at the newspaper .
Analysts had been projecting fully diluted earnings in the third quarter in the range of about $ 1.30 a share .
Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 .
Mr. Engelken turned off the motor and rolled down the window .
Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , a 43%-owned U.S. affiliate , filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 .
But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 1982 .
Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members .
Shareholders of Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano S.p.A. voted to accept a bid of 5,500 lire ( $ 4.03 ) a share by France 's Credit Agricole for 13.32 % of the bank , rejecting an earlier , equal offer by Italy 's Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A .
On the Toronto Stock Exchange , Hudson 's Bay shares closed at C$ 35 , up 12.5 cents .
Big U.S. distillers are fiercely vying for this market , which grew to $ 77 million last year from $ 33 million in 1987 , according to government figures .
Back in New York the work day was already over , so I did n't have to feel guilty .
Comments by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan lent some support to the dollar , but the U.S. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies .
We can not , however , join the political chorus that as one proclaims how offputting it is that Mrs. Thatcher refuses to get along by going along .
Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling and several were able to post gains , including Chevron , which rose 5\/8 to 66 3\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares .
Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the astringency of neoclassical Stravinsky , the genuinely radical minimalism of Berg and Webern , and what in retrospect even seems like concision in Mahler .
At this point , the Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling .
`` It 's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets , rather than push the investor to move into ( specific ) products such as equities , '' Mr. Grano says .
Revenue was $ 454.6 million , a 6.9 % gain from $ 425.4 million .
Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp .
Unemployment in September dropped to 1,695,000 , the lowest level since 1980 .
American Medical International N.V. : Guaranteed Euroissues to Ba3 from Baa2 .
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk .
This is where the voters are , which is where politicians usually end up .
Coastal Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with Aruba to restart a 150,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery .
Money helped , too .
The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south .
Vitro S.A. of Monterrey , Mexico , said its THR Corp. subsidiary has entered into definitive loan agreements in connection with Vitro 's $ 21.25-a-share tender offer for Anchor Glass Container Corp .
General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association , an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha .
When functioning normally , they make proteins that hold a cell 's growth in check .
Before the union rejected the company 's offer and the strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 , Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period .
None of the diabetics were using Lilly 's insulin .
Mr. Jones calls the ranch `` the Pentagon of Sportdom . ''
Among these crimes are murder on federal land , presidential assassination and espionage .
Chief executives and presidents had come and gone .
Republicans especially want a guarantee from the House leadership that they 'll get an up-or-down vote on the bills .
In March 1989 , just 15 months into his campaign , Mr. Paul was named by Art & Antiques magazine as one of the top 100 individual collectors in the U.S. .
The majority cited Mr. Masson 's remark `` It 's me alone ... against the rest of the analytic world '' as warrant for the Malcolm fabrication .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Sales were nearly identical to the year-earlier $ 1.36 billion .
Still , the combined profit of Ford , Chrysler Corp. and General Motors Corp. fell 44 % to $ 1.02 billion from $ 1.83 billion a year earlier , excluding a one-time gain of $ 309 million at Chrysler from the sale of Mitsubishi Motors Corp. stock .
There are plenty of worse inspirations for shows -- and most of them had already made the fall lineup :
At that rate , the defense plan is underfunded by $ 48 billion .
Although crude oil prices were significantly higher this year , they were n't strong enough to offset the declining profits in those business sectors at most oil companies , said William Randol , oil analyst for First Boston Corp .
Bank of New York Co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million .
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it .
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September .
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders .
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year .
Analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates on the company after its third-quarter results proved disappointing .
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve .
The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % in 1988 , and shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year .
Eastern Enterprises , bolstered by improved tonnages in its marine-shipping unit , had a narrower third-quarter net loss of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share .
Sales totaled $ 1.81 billion up from $ 1.71 billion the previous year .
But there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor .
One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances .
We sell direct ! ''
`` Wedding Song '' gives glimpses of a Cairo that has become so much harsher since his youth , when , as he once said , `` the poorest person was able to find his daily bread and without great difficulty . ''
In fact , the last time they played this badly was in 1960 , their opening season .
Just a short span across the bay to the west , the quake also showed its mettle : A four-square-block area of the Marina District lies smoldering under a steady stream of seawater being pumped onto rubble to prevent it from blazing anew .
`` Two generations ago , Dad came to Las Vegas by himself for a little diversion , '' says Van Heffner , executive vice president of the Nevada Hotel and Motel Association .
HERE 'S ONE more explanation for why Japan is a tough industrial competitor : Two of three Japanese employees submit suggestions to save money , increase efficiency and boost morale , while only 8 % of American workers do .
The latest rebate is good for all Beretta models .
That lawsuit is still pending .
Thus , in an unprecedented arrangement underscoring the seriousness of the transfer , the CBOE , the American Stock Exchange and the Options Clearing Corp. , as well as the firm 's owner , Stephen Fossett , put up a total of $ 50 million to guarantee the customer positions being transferred to the bank holding company subsidiary in case the market plunged again yesterday .
The U.S. proposal also was criticized by food-importing developing countries , who said that the U.S. made no special allowances for poor nations .
Nevertheless , an ANC rally by any other name is still an ANC rally .
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners .
The disclosures state that commissions were paid by Bofors to an Indian agent of the arms company .
`` He does n't want to lead the people , '' says Richard Traynor , president of New Jersey Right to Life .
The weakness in New York City bonds follows a warning from New York state Comptroller Edward Regan that the 1987 crash seriously weakened the city 's economy .
There is hope of change .
The Chicago Merc banned dual trading in its Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures pit in 1987 .
Norton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen .
While the company 's sales were soaring , `` We still had a system that was probably appropriate for $ 10 million to $ 20 million in sales . ''
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous .
While they acknowledge the president will attend several meals and a working session also attended by Mr. Ortega , they insist that Mr. Bush wo n't be extending the Nicaraguan leader any special courtesies .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Medical closed at $ 23.625 , up $ 1.875 .
`` There 's nothing she could do to bring herself back to where she was , '' says her lawyer , James Bierbower .
As it turned out , Carlos Perches Trevino and Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the Perches family 's home for a year .
Most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top .
Economists do n't expect any such changes in this year 's address , given Mr. Lawson 's apparent reluctance to adjust policy currently .
Bradford Crowe , director of the mayor 's City Economic Development Office , says : `` There is no question that Vermont-Slauson had a halo effect on the surrounding neighborhood .
Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking .
These new products could account for as much as 35 % of the company 's business in 1990 , Mr. Conner estimated .
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area .
The extension of federal regulatory authority over telephone utilities in the Atlantic provinces has n't required special legislation because they are investor-owned .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , American Home Products rose 75 cents to $ 105 on Friday .
Video Tip :
`` To slow the rise in total spending , it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services , '' the NAM warns in a policy statement .
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 .
The sales job seems to be paying off : When he bought the team , only six of the suites had been sold .
An FM receiver attached to a user 's personal computer receives the information .
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 .
That was up 2.8 % from a year earlier , even though orders for the first nine months of 1989 were down 19 % from the comparable 1988 period .
Our phones are quiet around here , '' said Don R. Hays , director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher & Singer Inc. , Richmond , Va .
She declined to identify other bidders but said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer `` is all cash , and it 's for all of the company . ''
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company .
Dozens of small companies did , swiftly establishing a standard operating system .
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .
`` He made desperate efforts , using the yellow pages from beginning to end , '' said Koji Yoneyama , president of Daiwa 's U.S. unit .
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston .
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained .
The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white-collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills .
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . ''
`` Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic mitigation , sewers and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? '' says Jack Rodman , managing partner of the Los Angeles office of Kenneth Leventhal Inc. a national accounting firm .
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector .
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 10 % , analysts say .
`` The capital market is booming . ''
But he thinks investors may be overreacting to the market 's problems .
( I still say do n't look down .
That 's `` not bad , '' Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 .
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday .
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 .
There are , however , some alternatives that income-oriented investors should consider , investment advisers say .
Pennzoil had sued Texaco for improperly interfering with its acquisition of a portion of Getty Oil Co .
Despite recent declines in interest rates , money funds continue to offer better yields than other comparable investments .
Much of the business has gone to the institute , an association of more than 100 insurers , including Cigna Corp. , Allianz Versicherungs AG of West Germany and Britain 's Commercial Union Assurance PLC .
NATIONWIDE HEALTH PROPERTIES , Pasadena , Calif. , said it would n't pay its fourth-quarter dividend , despite a 44 % increase in third-quarter earnings , to $ 3.5 million , or 42 cents a share .
The company suffered a $ 9 million loss in the third quarter , compared with net of $ 2.5 million a year earlier .
It will feature a cost-containment provision designed to keep expanded benefits from fueling higher care prices .
`` No magic bullet will be discovered next year , an election year , '' says Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif . )
In 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion Hong Kong ( US$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of HK$ 11.79 billion .
The one-year LIBOR rate yesterday was 8 7\/16 % .
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring .
The media 's treatment of the Defense Department during the Vietnam War , the Carter administration 's denigration of the military , and the public scapegoating of Lt. Col. Oliver North have all served to emasculate the poor souls who live there .
Two ironies intrude .
American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 43 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares , Chevron advanced 1 3\/4 to 66 5\/8 on 2.3 million shares , Woolworth rose 1 to 58 5\/8 , Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 72 1\/2 and Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 44 1\/2 .
but worries about 1990 .
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti-takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
A year at Harvard now goes for $ 19,395 .
I 'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat . ''
In Japan , small suggestions are encouraged .
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . ''
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says .
Rockefeller is n't the first overseas purchase for Mitsubishi Estate -- it has already played a leading role in designing Los Angeles 's Citicorp Plaza .
Rally 's , a Louisville , Ky. , fast-food chain , alleges that the three investors , who are directors of the company , broke securities laws because they did n't disclose their intentions to acquire a big Rally 's stake .
Nynex said expenses rose 4.5 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.61 billion , a $ 119 million increase .
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board .
In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar .
A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper .
Steven Spinola , president of the Real Estate Board of New York , an industry organization , says Mr. Dinkins 's `` economic development program is shortsighted , but when it comes down to it , he can be reasonable . ''
The trust will issue the certificates .
`` It 's like an oasis in this room , '' Ms. Foster purrs .
In one of the first indoor air-pollution cases to go to trial , a state-court jury decided in favor of the defendant , Burlington Industries Inc .
`` The period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , '' says Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income Fund .
At Air Products , meanwhile , the mailroom staff opens junk mail and often throws it away -- even if addressed to an individual .
`` That 's crazy . ''
Such spillover effects give the state a right to intervene in the marketplace and temporarily coordinate allocation of resources .
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % .
And $ 70.2 million would go to projects in Tennessee represented by his Senate counterpart and fellow Democrat , Sen. James Sasser .
Finnish government officials are negotiating with creditors of Waertsilae Marine Oy , a major shipyard that filed for bankruptcy protection this week , amid confusion and mounting doubts that collapse of the nation 's entire shipbuilding industry can be averted .
Daniel Brigham
`` The problem is that while on the surface everything is all right , the question is , '' said Mr. Barakat , `` was there any structural damage to the pipelines or anything else . ''
Departing from its newspaper ads featuring prim sketches of a suit or a coat , Brooks Brothers is marketing an updated image in a new campaign that carries the slogan , `` The Surprise of Brooks Brothers . ''
Previously he had said he would be able to find the requisite 60 votes eventually .
By wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester .
PWA said it also expects to announce by Tuesday whether it will take delivery of all 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft it previously ordered .
Indeed , Wright said all his life that the greatest lessons he learned were derived from the study of nature .
The agreement also called for Reebok to receive warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of CML common at $ 31.25 a share , exercisable at any time before July 1 ,
At a news conference this week , Bank of Japan Gov. Satoshi Sumita cautioned banks to take a `` prudent '' stance regarding highly leveraged deals .
What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had demonized .
`` Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies , '' said Noel D. Matchett , a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc. , Silver Spring , Md .
But Compaq had achieved that level of sales faster than any previous manufacturing start-up .
The government 's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985 , when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts .
Speculation about a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in the past six weeks .
The deportation of more than 315,000 men , women and children by the Bulgarian regime adds up to one of the largest migrations seen in the postwar years .
South African gold stocks closed moderately lower .
They had dealt a major setback that afternoon to President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut proposal , which had seemed in the bag after it passed the House overwhelmingly earlier in the month .
Judge John E. Sprizzo issued the order in Manhattan federal court , where Sony has accused the tiny company of illegally knocking off the `` My First Sony '' line .
We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability . ''
`` The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000 , '' says Tony Adams , the company 's vice president for marketing research .
`` You do n't own anything , '' says Stephen Boesel , a money manager for T. Rowe Price in Baltimore .
But it showed strength throughout the session , hitting a low of only 2102.2 within the first few minutes of dealings .
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index finished 19.2 points higher at 2189.3 .
It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply .
The leveraged buy-out group of GE Capital now reports to Mr. Carpenter .
Three days later , before the new embryo had become implanted in the uterus , it was washed out of the mother mouse .
What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ? ''
Some masseurs have tried to get around this by calling themselves `` bodyworkers '' and describing their office visits as `` reinvigoration breaks . ''
Shoppers , many of whom operate small businesses , pay annual membership fees , which provide an income base for the stores .
Whatever the difficulties , Mr. Gorbachev remains committed to increasing foreign trade .
It also licenses optically based data storage and retrieval devices .
Past Colombian government tolerance of the `` narcotraficantes '' was due to the drug lords ' history of wiping out leftists in the hinterlands .
Prosecutors depict a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985 , despite warnings from an internal auditor .
There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance , and many others .
Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals .
He had been summoned to the Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party , after he finished his lunch at the Savoy Hotel , an unlikely prelude to a bureaucratic brow-beating : Eight-foot-tall Rubenesquely naked ladies float on their canvases toward a ceiling teeming with cherubs , all surrounded by gilt laid on with a pastry chef 's trowel and supported by marble corinthian columns whose capitals are fluting fountains of gold .
It implies very dramatic growth , '' he said .
The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading .
At the ritzy Fashion Island Shopping Center , the tanned and elegant ladies of this wealthy Southern California beach community disembark from their Mercedes-Benzes and BMWs for another day of exercising their credit cards .
TVA , in its first public debt offering in 15 years , sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week .
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug .
That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge .
`` His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money . ''
`` The major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years . ''
`` They should call { the exchange } Trump East , '' charged Mr. Wohlstetter , the 79-year-old founder of Contel who 's also a former investment banker and stock trader .
West Germany 's BMW commissioned the Nuremberg post office to test a prototype battery-powered car .
Scenario 1 , known as the `` Constant Dollar Freeze , '' reimburses the Pentagon for inflation only -- it slopes upward at 4 % per year .
The buy-back represents about 3 % of the company 's shares , based on the 3.7 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 .
Traders said the buy programs came from very large institutional accounts that were also active in the stock-index futures markets .
The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow .
David Bell , a spokesman for the airline , says the move is partly aimed at retaining existing staff who are leaving to secure foreign passports ahead of 1997 .
Mr. Laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong .
The company attributed the decline to consumers ' concern over interest rates and gas prices -- two key expenses for RV buyers .
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging .
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , MCI Communications Inc. and United Telecommunications ' U S Sprint unit were blocking phone calls into the Bay area to alleviate congestion .
Redland International Funding PLC ( U.K. parent ) -- 150 million Australian dollars of 15 3\/8 % bonds due Nov. 8 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 15.44 % less full fees , via JP Morgan Securities Ltd .
In broadest terms , stability has quietly settled into international oil markets .
The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending .
Hearings have n't yet been set in Texas , Ohio and Kansas .
Not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect . ''
Cray Research expects supercomputer sales to be flat next year , the latest in a series of negative announcements by the company .
That 's 115 % more than in 1981 .
According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year .
He said the company was `` encouraged by feedback '' it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1 .
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares .
But then it was acquired by Household International Inc .
Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment .
There are only two large puppets in the program : Pong Pagong and a monkey named Kiko Matsing .
In these families , husbands took on 80 % more chores than in couples with only grammar school education .
Too often , however , small investors are left with the same stale solutions that appealed to previous generations of fiduciary strategists .
Contrary to what might be expected based on the headline on John R. Dorfman 's recent Money Matters article ( `` Pros Hit Theorists Right Where It Hurts '' Oct. 3 ) , I was able to stand proudly before my undergraduate finance students and proclaim that the findings of your yearlong experiment on stock picking is completely consistent with what they have been taught in the classroom .
$ 10 billion of two-year notes .
Analysts questioned whether Georgia-Pacific will ultimately prevail , saying other paper concerns may make competing bids .
But major packaged-goods players of the world -- such as Procter & Gamble , Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever -- have steadfastly eluded the agency .
A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car .
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . ''
Abraham Lincoln Federal Savings Bank sank 4 to 13 1\/2 after announcing a shakeup that will change senior management and reorganize the bank 's mortgage business as a separate unit .
The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda 's hugely successful Accord and Toyota 's Camry .
The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the S&P 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind .
`` Talk is that everybody is going to drill more wells , '' says foreman Tommy Folsom .
Unlike larger contractors with a broad enough base to weather the downturn easily , these companies are suffering big drops in business as once-lucrative specialty niches in the massive military market erode or even disappear .
We 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market .
But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively .
At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro .
In its basic structure and style the book is novelistic , with piquant character portrayal , hard-wire action and devious intrigue of the sort more likely to be encountered in a Washington docudrama than in a constitutional history .
As a result , industry operated out of small , expensive , highly inefficient industrial units .
Most forecasters , including those in the Congressional Budget Office , assume inflation will be in excess of 4 % in each of those five years .
Crown Resources Corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the Gold Texas Resources Ltd. shares it does n't already own .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony .
During the televised Iran-Contra hearings , Mr. North came off as a patriot from central casting .
Richard Buckley said Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's `` would allow seasoned franchisers and food-service operators , with no conflicts of interest , to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company 's energies toward growth .
Mr. Bauman , a conservative , says he was deserted by the right wing .
There was no reversal { of that trend } between 1987 and 1988 . ''
Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs , the U.S. ambassador to Panama , of the invitation .
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc .
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers .
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said .
This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 .
In London trading , Courtaulds , a chemicals and textiles company , increased 15 pence to 362 after it disclosed plans to spin off its textiles operations into a separately listed company on Jan. 1 .
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .
`` Where the hell are they gon na live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ?
Clarcor said it is inviting proposals from other prospective purchasers of the unit .
Despite the widening gap between the two sides , conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by opting to roughly split the difference .
`` The best result we could get from these numbers would be to see the administration and Congress get serious about putting the U.S. on an internationally competitive economic footing , '' said Howard Lewis , vice president of international economic affairs at the National Association of Manufacturers .
Earlier this week , Genetics Institute reported wider losses in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug. 31 .
Mr. Green thought little of it , he told the grand jury , until the judge walked up to him after the courtroom had cleared and suggested a kickback .
The buy-back , coupled with a nearly completed earlier purchase of 20 million shares , would reduce shares outstanding by more than 26 % .
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen-Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis .
So-called cross-border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick .
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate .
Because we all were busy riding a wave .
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive .
She concedes that such a position is `` unfair '' to the thousands of conscientious and qualified people plying the trade , but as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it .
By Richterian standards , the show that the Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights , in putting a mercifully swift end to the game 's Longest Short Series , rated somewhere between a 10 and an 11 .
The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties , and unamortized issue discount and costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries .
It 's a process that never really ends . ''
Daimler-Benz Chairman Edzard Reuter told Milan 's financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore that talks are taking place between both companies ' aerospace units .
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like `` pre-refunded '' municipals .
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree .
She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront , blotting out the city 's great natural water features , the harbor and the river .
But once that factor was eliminated , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , Mr. Barakat said .
Many of the funds that did best in the last week are heavily invested overseas , giving them the benefit of foreign currency translations when the dollar is weak .
The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock , solicit shareholder consents or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 .
Until then , they expect the cost of integrating the two carriers to continue crimping profits .
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market .
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back .
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages .
The Fed 's reluctance to ease credit now could be laying the groundwork for a new recession , perhaps starting early next year .
Mr. Wetherell , the underwriter , reckons half of his business could be transacted by computer , cutting costs at least 10 % .
By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress .
On its own , Dentsu 's muscle in Japan may count for little in major foreign markets when seeking non-Japanese clients .
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system .
The French analysis goes further .
Moreover , the securities were introduced only about 4 1\/2 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession .
But stunning volatility was produced in the process .
Money-market mutual fund assets grew at nearly three times their usual rate in the latest week , as investors opted for safety instead of the stock market .
IBM , though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business , did n't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did , and that was n't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard .
By late January , the consensus calls for the dollar to be trading around 1.8200 marks and near 142 yen .
Joining the call for some kind of study or regulatory action , Merrill Lynch & Co. recommended program-trading reforms late Friday , including higher margins on stock-index futures and greater regulatory coordination .
I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs .
But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet , and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way .
Over the years , the world 's stream of oil has been growing heavier .
`` If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , '' he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen .
Beverly Hills , Calif. -- $ 116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation ( civic center improvements project ) , due 1990-2004 , 2007 , 2016 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.19 % in 2016 .
`` You stay out of it , '' author Whitford quotes Mr. Clements as saying .
The issue is being sold through Freddie Mac 's 17-member securities selling group .
The election , which would bring the first major union to Federal 's U.S. operations , has pitted new hires against devoted veterans such as Mr. Brown .
We 'll leave them alone .
World prices tumbled , mostly from their own weight , according to analysts .
At this point , the options were : Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates , as Sir Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound .
The proposals , from suitors including Interpublic Group , come as the London-based ad giant struggles through its most difficult period ever .
John R. Wilke contributed to this article .
Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson , which makes steel roofs , store fronts and building parts , declined comment .
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc .
West German insurance giant Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Financiere de Paribas and Cie. de Navigation Mixte .
Early in his political career , as a city councilman in San Antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a `` bat-roost meeting . ''
`` One of the difficulties people in real estate have is that each product is like starting a new company , or starting a new line in the fashion business , '' says L. Robert Lieb president of Mountain Development Corp. in West Paterson , N.J .
Separately , Chrysler said it will idle for four weeks the St. Louis assembly plant that builds the Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models .
Friday 's volume totaled 158.2 million shares ; the daily average for the week was a bustling 176.7 million .
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial `` Colombia 's Brave Publisher . ''
But the lack of lines became painfully apparent .
That should happen by today , he said .
`` It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , '' argued Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York .
I can not recall any disorder in currency markets since the 1974 guidelines were adopted .
Bank of New England plans to sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems .
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday .
One person familiar with UAL said the unsettled labor situation and the uncertain world-wide financial markets contributed to the board 's decision to avoid `` rushing around selling the company at a bargain price , '' particularly since it accepted a $ 300-a-share offer just last month .
To hamper the work of litigation scientists , he suggests that courts sharply limit the number of jurors that lawyers can remove from the jury panel through so-called peremptory challenges -- exclusions that do n't require explanations .
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal .
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group .
Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto-based vaccine manufacturer Friday .
$ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills .
`` We 're doing a little buying '' in some stocks `` that have really been smashed down . ''
Stock prices closed slightly higher in the first routine trading day since Friday 's big plunge .
Mr. Canelo suggests that investors compare price\/earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per-share earnings for a 12-month period ) with projected growth rates .
The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court .
Although Digital has staked out a major presence in the booming workstation market , profit margins in that market are much slimmer than for mainframes .
Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession .
`` Sometimes a shakeout is healthy , '' said Drexel 's Mr. Feinman .
Santa Fe Pacific Realty is a major California land and building owner whose prime properties include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area , and several office sites .
Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan .
The scope of the improvement in the U.S. business caught some analysts by surprise .
In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net .
Bush has three vacancies to fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court , which handles many important regulatory issues and is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees .
Markets --
White House aides said that although they made a small compromise on the length of a training wage , the final minimum-wage increase will meet the standards set by Mr. Bush .
Concern about the volatile U.S. stock market had faded in recent sessions , and traders appeared content to let the dollar languish in a narrow range until tomorrow , when the preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product is released .
One source familiar with the airline said , however , that Mr. Corr was n't informed in advance during the summer when Mr. Lorenzo began discussions with potential buyers .
Czechoslovakia has restricted consumer-goods exports to neighbor countries because of `` massive buying out of food '' by tourists from Poland , Hungary and the Soviet Union , the Rude Pravo daily said .
The executive recalls Mr. Corry whispering to him and others , `` Remember , this was Dave 's deal . ''
The harvest delays , however , are expected to be temporary .
First Boston is one of the few major Wall Street firms that have n't pulled back from program trading in recent days .
Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising .
EG&G Inc. said it acquired Laboratorium Prof. Dr. Berthold , a German maker of scientific instruments .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 21 , 1989 , through Oct. 19 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 .
It was widely predicted that free agency would allow the glamorous , `` big market '' teams to monopolize the best talent , but quite the opposite has occurred : Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons since its advent .
The issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note .
`` Giants fans went into euphoria , '' says Mr. Engelken .
Residents of this city soon will be seeing ads urging them to visit `` Cleveland 's outdoor museum '' -- Lake View Cemetery .
The report was the brightest news the financial markets had seen since before the stock market plunged more than 190 points last Friday .
Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases .
In an economic slowdown , heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company buoyant must be diverted to interest payments .
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29 , on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group .
Yesterday , the Fed executed four-day matched sales , a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system .
What it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself .
NBI , a maker of word-processing systems , said it ca n't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted .
( It should be noted that these requirements are in addition to any other existing requirements , such as review by the Asset Forfeiture Office . ) :
Baker had lots of them .
The ads celebrate the achievements of some of Lake View 's residents .
Politically , this currently is wisdom -- particularly given a nervous neighboring France .
`` I transmitted my conversations to the White House , '' Prof. Lee says .
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt .
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court .
Republicans figured that in Mr. Giuliani , the nation 's best-known prosecutor , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star .
He also said traders should keep an eye on the stock market , because `` if the stock market rallies , that could spell trouble for the precious metals . ''
Dealers , however , said forecasts are broadly divergent with estimates ranging between # 1 billion and # 2 billion .
Officers of the company , a health-care concern , `` were very discouraged on Friday and felt they should n't go public ; we felt they should , '' says Sanford Robertson , partner in the banking concern .
GR8FLRED :
Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod .
The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who contributed heavily to several U.S. senators .
Reflecting that logic , insurance-company stocks posted strong gains .
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years .
I really want to see that happen again . ''
Keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a convenience .
The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million .
The pride of Oranjemund is the 18-hole golf course -- with the largest sand trap in the world .
None dare say to sell it .
Per-share net of 66 cents , down from 72 cents , fell by more than overall net because of more shares outstanding .
`` It was a healthy cleansing , '' says Michael Holland , who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York .
Newport officials did n't respond Friday to requests to discuss the changes at the company but earlier , Mr. Weekes had said Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team on the board .
And only a handful of small U.S. companies are engaged in high-definition software development .
-- `` Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives '' .
However , the company 's petroleum services segment , while profitable , was hurt by high financing costs associated with the company 's buy-out of a 50 % stake in Eastman Christensen Co. from Texas Eastern Corp. last June .
-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union .
Judge Merhige will make the appointment .
The company said the improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue from marketmaking and trading for its own account .
Mr. Joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion .
Sen. Kennedy , never mind his dubious credentials for the moral high ground , emoted brilliantly .
In addition to expected losses tied to the labor strike , the coal group has spent almost $ 20 million since the strike began for security , the company said .
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago .
Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies .
Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to `` sponsor '' El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories .
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11 % to $ 180 million .
DRACULA 'S BUSY this time of year , but a visit to his Transylvania castle is part of a Chicago-based Unitours trip in the spring , presumably the count 's off-season .
Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement `` would n't exceed $ 100 million '' but declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing and the proposed Film House purchase .
GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion .
B.A.T yesterday started its share buy-back .
Bigger rivals , such as Aetna and Allianz , backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches , operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates , brokers say .
`` The company 's on a roll , '' said Robert Herwick , an analyst at Hambrecht & Quist .
If mutation and natural selection slowly but surely give rise to more and more advanced forms of life , then it was only a matter of eons before splendid beings endowed with reason , self-awareness and taste shimmered onto the scene .
It 's the line-item veto , a procedure that would allow the president to kill individual items in a big spending bill passed by Congress without vetoing the entire bill .
The two , Szeto Wah and Martin Lee , were deemed unfit because they had condemned China 's crackdown on its pro-democracy movement .
Mr. Daly in his affidavit acknowledges that Warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over MGM but says that situation was altogether different .
Before , callers of 900 numbers would just listen and not talk , or they 'd vote `` yes '' or `` no '' by calling one of two numbers .
The reason : overload , especially of non-subscription magazines .
Every Order , Resolution , or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of Adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill .
`` But the real future of this game is in a number of people owning a few horses . ''
Capital Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company .
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort .
Southam Inc. said its unprofitable weekly newspaper , The Financial Times of Canada , is up for sale .
Futures rallied modestly .
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith .
Instead , Congress opted for the inches , feet and yards the colonists had brought with them .
Treasury Securities
Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions .
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb .
The buy-back is part of a 25-million-share repurchase plan , under which Coca-Cola Enterprises so far has acquired a total of 9.7 million shares .
Yesterday 's sluggish action was in marked contrast to the rearing and plunging of stock prices Tuesday after the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed .
They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel .
If you are a salaried man , Amen ! 100 % captured .
Meanwhile , Dallas welcomed the move .
The two companies have been discussing a transaction under which Fresenius would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock .
Fortunately , these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood , and they have enough common sense to know what that demands .
The Soviets also hope to make better use of their considerable expertise in theoretical science , which has helped them win twice as many Nobel science prizes as the Japanese .
It 's the most stunning example of Las Vegas 's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers .
The company could be fined a maximum of $ 10,000 , or double the profit .
`` One lady from New York said she 's not going home until the { World Series } is over . ''
`` We do n't like the Congress ( I ) , '' says Sooraji Jath , a farmer in the western state of Gujarat .
Included was the charge that Sindona siphoned $ 45 million of Franklin funds for his other ventures .
Corporate Issues
Dismissing the trade group 's numbers left traders plenty of time to worry anew about the latest reports on OPEC production .
He later resigned from his executive positions with Enfield , saying that actions by its board `` amounted to { my } dismissal . ''
At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million .
He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities .
Mr. Lewis said the company marked price tags and advertised at its `` lowest possible prices '' for all its merchandise to reduce public confusion .
`` We are considering that offer along with all other alternatives , '' the trust spokeswoman said .
Three companies began trading over the counter .
The rapidly flashing return signals from excited hydrogen atoms in the blood give a `` stop-motion '' movie of the blood-filled vessel , ( like the `` stop-motion '' seen in disco dancers when a strobe light is flashing ) .
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court .
With 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor .
In filing an original ( not amended ) return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately .
`` That 's a problem because cash is n't earning us very much money , '' Mr. Bianchi says .
`` There 's no pressure on OTC stocks at this point , '' said Mr. Mullins , who said some buyers are beginning to shop among smaller OTC issues .
The company does n't wait until the final hours to get ready for hurricanes .
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
`` The stories are rubbish , '' a British Air spokesman said .
`` It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together '' on drug enforcement .
`` If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , '' a spokesman says .
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow .
Indeed , British Air seemed to be distancing itself from the troubled transaction early in an effort to avoid any further embarrassment .
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 5.94 points , at 2653.28 .
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns .
It has been waging an all-out campaign to beat back a proposal , pushed by Utah bike groups , to allow the cycles in federally designated wilderness areas , where they are now prohibited .
A round of futures-related program selling near the close sent the stock market lower in otherwise directionless trading .
One way that money fund managers boost yields in a declining rate environment is by extending the maturities of their investments , so they can earn the current higher rates for a longer period .
He also urged House and Senate negotiators to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the House-passed capital-gains provision .
Mr. Cawthorn said the profit growth in the latest quarter was due to the sale of two Rorer drugs .
That would cut into CBS 's slim margin for profit -- and error .
Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked `` Hugo '' and postmarked by Jan. 16 .
Sales of new cars in Europe fell 4.2 % in September from a year earlier and analysts say the market could continue to soften in the months ahead .
To combat that problem , National Geographic , like other magazines , began offering regional editions allowing advertisers to appear in only a portion of its magazines -- for example , ads can run only in the magazines sent to subscribers in the largest 25 markets .
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % .
Tele-Communications agreed to buy half of Showtime Networks from Viacom for $ 225 million .
It 's Mike 's challenge as well . ''
And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % .
Jumping in on big deals is a high profile way to leapfrog the problem of not having a strong retail-banking network .
`` We 'd like to do business in America , '' he says .
But that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 25,000 a year to raise a horse .
`` They 're dead wrong . ''
Johnson & Johnson reported a 10 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 12 % sales increase - results that were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals and the company 's professional operations .
The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again , as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $ 4 billion takeover of Cities Service .
He adds , `` That 's the forecasting business . ''
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day .
Operating profit of $ 37.2 million was unchanged .
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .
Bond dealers said the rates for the long-term tax-exempt New York City bonds were among the highest , as a percentage of Treasury rates , for any New York City issue in recent memory .
`` Let 's not forget this is the same company that has been profiteering with this drug for 2 1\/2 years , '' Mr. Weiss added .
And in the past , Congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations .
First Interstate had a $ 214.4 million loss in 1988 's third quarter , mainly from writedowns and reserves connected with its Texas operations .
The opposition Labor Party leader , Neil Kinnock , in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class , denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet .
Vitro said the definitive agreements require that Anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities .
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.16 billion from $ 3.13 billion .
Over at Conradies , the general store , a black stock boy scurries to help an elderly white woman with her packages .
Mr. Ishiguro 's ability to create a fallible narrative voice that permits him to explore such intertwining domestic , cultural and political themes was abundantly clear in his previous novel , `` An Artist of the Floating World , '' set in Japan after the war .
Bostik is the first Emhart Corp. unit to be sold as part of the power-tool manufacturer 's effort to reduce debt and consolidate operations after it acquired Emhart earlier this year .
-- Confirming other government data showing that wages are n't keeping pace with inflation , earnings of year-round , full-time male workers fell 1.3 % in 1988 after adjusting for higher prices , the first such drop since 1982 .
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . ''
GP Express , an independent airline serving much of Nebraska , estimates that nearly 40 % of its revenues come from the subsidies that , in some cases , exceed the cost of a ticket .
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually .
Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays .
Previous monthly expirations of the Major Market Index futures and Standard & Poor 's 100-stock index options have produced spectacular volatility .
However , Mr. Davis could pressure the board by asking that the agreement be waived , or letting it be known that he has financing for an offer at a lower price .
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold .
NBC 's comedy had aired Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. and in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind the Jamie Lee Curtis comedy `` Anything But Love '' on ABC and CBS 's one-hour drama `` Jake and the Fatman . ''
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately .
After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival .
`` One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is .
The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price .
The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; 82 % , says Mr. Ormstedt , went to fund raisers and most of the rest to the people who ran the charities and to their relatives -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs .
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 .
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 .
Steven F. Kaplan was named a senior vice president of this graphics equipment company .
The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market .
In its first day of when-issued trading here , Euro Disney soared like Dumbo to close at 814 pence ( $ 13.05 ) , up 15 % from its 707-pence offering price .
Says Allen D. Wheat , head of trading at Bankers Trust Co. : `` People are just plain scared . ''
Battelle 's Mr. McCall thinks steelmakers should concentrate more on construction .
The heart of the business is the purchase of rice and other commodities , such as corn and coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer , farm tools and other items .
A year earlier , it had a loss of $ 199,203 or nine cents a share , on revenue of $ 7.6 million .
Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years .
In the past , the socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make .
In the play , the Duke of Vienna despairs over the licentiousness of his subjects and turns over the rule of the city to the puritanical Angelo , hoping he can set things right .
Timken , a producer of bearings and specialty steel , already buys gas from Clinton .
An accelerating move by personal computer manufacturers ' to include advanced graphics capabilities as standard equipment further dampened reseller purchases of Western Digital 's equipment .
It was considered the stiffest sentence passed since the start of the 22-month-old Arab uprising in the Israeli-occupied territories .
In addition to the increased reserve , the savings bank took a special charge of $ 5 million representing general and administrative expenses from staff reductions and other matters , and it posted a $ 7.6 million reduction in expected mortgage servicing fees , reflecting the fact that more borrowers are prepaying their mortgages .
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA BRACED for earthquake-related traffic jams .
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture .
`` It is close to being a record undersubscription , '' said Bob Bucknell , an analyst with London broker Smith New Court Securities .
`` I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000 people to use every day , '' said Richard Katz , a state legislator who is chairman of the California Assembly 's transportation committee .
And 81 % preferred a group practice or health maintenance organization , while just 11 % favored solo practice .
Kellogg dropped 1 3\/4 to 73 1\/4 .
Many investors expected damage from the hurricane to be the catalyst for higher rates in the industry , which has been depressed because of low rates arising from intense competition .
In the year-earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share .
It could take six months for a claim to be paid .
The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
In fiscal 1984 , before Mr. Gandhi came to power , only $ 810 million was raised .
The big futures buying triggered stock-index buy programs that eventually trimmed the Dow 's loss to 31 points by 11 a.m .
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety .
Otherwise , Jaguar may have to tolerate the two U.S. auto giants each owning a 15 % stake for more than a year .
It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber .
For example , the administration proposal imposes extremely tough emissions standards on new power plants .
The Bank has been making adjustment loans for 10 years .
In another approach , tiny Iverson Technology is trying to resume its growth by braving the new world of commercial products .
On a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year .
Or , for that matter , the core .
Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters .
`` The implied current net asset value of 22.70 { per share } is well below the 30 level that the Street believed , '' PaineWebber says .
Revenue rose to $ 235.2 million , from $ 176.4 million .
Died : S. Clark Beise , 91 , ex-president and chief executive officer of Bank of America NT&SA , Saturday , in Hillsboro , Calif .
While it has predicted that overall growth in unit sales of personal computers is slowing to about a 10 % yearly rate , its own products are selling at a much faster rate because many are geared to the high-performance end of the market .
Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and `` will not send French people to run the company . ''
The Wilmington , Mass. , garment service company also boosted its quarterly dividend 20 % to three cents a share adjusted for the split .
Investor Robert M. Gintel , who owns a 4.7 % stake in the company , said he plans a proxy fight for control of its board .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , K mart closed yesterday at $ 36 a share , up 12.5 cents .
One 60-second TV spot features a diverse group of skiers gracefully gliding down sun-drenched slopes : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a blind skier .
These would not function independently , but would act together to form `` combines , unions and associations '' to tackle problems and coordinate their activities .
As they did when the Philippines was a colony of the U.S. , teachers for the most part teach in English , even though it is a foreign language for most Philippine children .
Because of the interest connected with the issue , the London exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially sanctioned when-issued market .
The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs .
MEA CULPA .
During the past 15 years , the report showed , housing prices increased nearly fivefold .
Mr. Jackson , who won the nickname `` Mr. October '' for his World Series exploits , is selling some of his canceled checks to autograph collectors through a dealer for as much as $ 500 each .
In one ad , a photo of the interior of the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris is paired with the headline , `` The only book more respected than ours does n't accept advertising . ''
`` There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , '' he says .
When he arrived in the U.S. in 1969 -- the start of an eight-year tour -- he tried selling Japanese yen-denominated bonds to U.S. investors .
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge .
Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy .
But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread consolidation in the industry .
The state has endorsed the New England Electric plan , which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8 % annually for seven years .
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago .
At James Capel & Co. in London , analyst Jackie Ashurst notes that Akzo is less exposed than many of its rivals to the most volatile chemical products .
Index arbitrage , Mr. Carpenter said last week , does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole '' and Kidder 's customers were `` sophisticated '' enough to know that .
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack 's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old .
Congress authorized $ 50 billion to be borrowed to pay for the thrift bailout .
My initial stake in this blooming enterprise has grown tenfold , according to my conservative calculations .
`` The RTC needs the most able , competent management available . ''
A private farmer never wastes anything . ''
Labor problems are the last thing Mr. Smith needs right now .
Seeking to overcome the currency problems , Mr. Giffen 's American Trade Consortium , which comprises Chevron Corp. , RJR , Johnson & Johnson , Eastman Kodak Co. , and Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , has concocted an elaborate scheme to share out dollar earnings , largely from the revenues of a planned Chevron oil project .
Miss Shlaes is editorial features editor of The Wall Street Journal\/Europe .
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz ( `` my day diamond , darling '' ) , she told her two companions that she is on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome .
It makes only a handful of abortion-related decisions .
In Myrtle Beach , S.C. , the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $ 35 , or as much as 22 % below regular prices .
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : 30 cents vs. 44 cents \*\*
`` Disclosures are very poor in India . ''
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation .
Lufthansa AG said passenger volume climbed 5.2 % for the first nine months of 1989 to 15.3 million passengers from 14.5 million passengers in the year-earlier period .
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
As it happens , the Nasdaq composite did continue to fall for two days after the initial plunge .
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange .
That compared with the year-earlier $ 1.25 billion , or $ 2.10 a share -- which was inflated by a 15-cents-a-share gain from the sale of some MCI Communications Corp. stock and by an unspecified amount from a payment by Fujitsu Ltd. relating to a software dispute .
Rockwell International Corp. received a $ 26.7 million Navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles .
The sale and spinoff of the real estate unit is the first phase of what could lead to the breakup of Santa Fe Pacific into free-standing companies for its railroad and energy operations , as well as real estate .
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring .
The ghosts of the past are everywhere : They are kept at bay only by feeding them vast quantities of our defense budget .
Baker 's remarks came as the White House urged both sides to honor the truce .
Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives .
The latest 10-year notes were unchanged at 100 16\/32 to yield 7.904 % .
First , the somewhat affected idealism of the 1960s .
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space .
I mean , these folks are so uptight that they blame pretty Kate for the fact that when she was a teen-ager , someone tied her hands behind her back , thrust her head into a gunny sack , brutally raped and beat her , and then left her to die in a cold-storage room .
It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother 's death , or adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy .
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage ( Asia ) Ltd .
He will continue as a director .
GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services .
`` Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force , '' he says .
We lived in rural areas many years , but now live in St. Louis County , Mo .
If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world .
He was n't protecting the Freedom Marchers ; he was tailing them as subversives .
The air-waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing .
For Vietnamese , these are tricky , often treacherous , times .
The timing for change was right .
Hoping to stay ahead of the pack , the company is emphasizing innovation .
With $ 150 billion of CDs maturing this month , a lot of people have been scouring the financial landscape for just such an investment .
And , as Mr. Zell says , with Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by `` a very unusual group '' to say the least .
A lower court in St. Paul had ruled in September 1988 that a heart catheter SciMed manufactures does n't infringe on a patent owned by Advanced Cardiovascular Systems , a unit of Eli Lilly & Co .
While major oil companies have been experimenting with cleaner-burning gasoline blends for years , only Atlantic Richfield Co. is now marketing a lower-emission gasoline for older cars currently running on leaded fuel .
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says .
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year .
By 1961 , Mr. Mahfouz 's idealism had vanished or become twisted , as it has in Said .
Sales gained 5 % to $ 1.59 billion from $ 1.52 billion .
The court rejected his incredible claims , denied his deductions , and imposed a negligence penalty ... .
`` The side effects { of cyclosporine } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' Dr. Starzl said .
Elsewhere , share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul .
Sometimes , they 'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce ; other times , it will be Prego .
In this method , a person invests a regular amount every month or quarter into the stock market whether the market is up or down .
A simultaneous announcement was made in Moscow .
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . ''
The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third-quarter GNP growth .
In Illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring physicians to perform tests on fetuses at 20 weeks to determine their gestational age , weight and lung maturity along with a provision requiring that , if fetuses survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive .
Petroleum products prices also declined .
B.A.T Industries PLC won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.23 billion ) takeover bid from Sir James Goldsmith .
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement .
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it is reviewing , with an eye toward a possible downgrade , the ratings on Bay View Federal bonds , long-term deposits and the preferred-stock rating of its parent company , Bay View Capital Corp .
Ten days ago he was asked to amplify the reasons behind his anti-abortion stance .
Because of the way the government keeps its books , the damage to the Bay Bridge , however costly , wo n't be counted as a minus .
The stock market 's decline , coming after a record weekly gain of 119.88 points , surprised some investors .
The move is likely to anger traders .
Malcolm faces bankruptcy and an IRS audit , but Nora finds an extra $ 30,000 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold .
B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings but recovered to finish at 754 , up 5 .
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers .
Seventeen articles of impeachment against the Florida judge , one of the few blacks on the U.S. bench , were approved by the House in August 1988 .
`` Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , '' Mr. Stern contends .
The company said in a statement that `` demand for IBM products and services continues to be good world-wide .
Ms. Johnson made a passionate statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself .
Tandy Corp. said it wo n't join U.S. Memories , the group that seeks to battle the Japanese in the market for computer memory chips .
`` The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , '' says Rod Eddington , Cathay 's commercial director .
Lawmakers are expected to try to restore the funds once a pending deficit-cutting measure has been signed into law .
Dun & Bradstreet said operating earnings rose 8 % , excluding the sale of Official Airline Guides .
In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank , but times have changed .
In a country where a bribe is needed to get a phone , a job , and even into a school , the name Bofors has become a potent rallying cry against the government .
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment .
Both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to Japan , which has been buying copper on the world market .
Mr. Paul claims to have sold three paintings , at more than a 10 % profit .
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment .
`` I emigrated to wear better hats , do better parties , '' she said with a giggle .
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million .
Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility .
The company has expressed a preference for GM over Ford because GM has promised it would keep Jaguar independent .
On Saturday , the partners said the team would be purchased for $ 54 million by a new group including Comsat Video Enterprises Inc. , a unit of Communications Satellite Corp. based here .
At Sept. 30 , the thrift , which converted to a stock form of ownership from a mutual form in April 1986 , had more than four million shares outstanding .
He has too readily swallowed the case for the activist law school culture .
Accepted bids ranged from 8.38 % to 8.395 % .
The move would greatly boost Paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses , where Navigation Mixte is strong .
The trip from the test tube was not without snags .
As a result , the group 's third-quarter loss widened to $ 9.8 million from the second quarter 's $ 3.6 million .
The Nasdaq Composite Index soared 7.52 , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 , its highest one-day jump in points this year .
They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions .
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March .
The murderer , Ronald Gene Simmons , was convicted of killing 14 people .
Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg .
Soybean futures for November delivery gained 5.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 5.66 a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade .
Daewoo Motor , a 50-50 joint venture with General Motors Corp. and the Daewoo Group conglomerate , is the only auto maker that appears to be hurting .
AMR declined to comment , and Mr. Trump did n't respond to requests for interviews .
The thrift said earnings also were nicked in the quarter by a $ 4 million provision for losses associated with its previously reported plan to liquidate a real-estate franchise network .
`` It 's too early to tell '' what happens after that , he says .
The Ginnie Mae issue rose amid talk of large purchases of the securities by institutional investors .
Mr. Taylor , 45 years old , succeeds Robert D. Kilpatrick , 64 , who is retiring , as reported earlier .
California lawmakers want to eliminate temporarily a $ 100 million cap on the amount of federal highway relief for each state for each disaster , as well as a prohibition on using the emergency highway aid to repair toll roads .
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director .
In New York Stock Exchange trading , Southern Co. rose 50 cents a share to $ 27.125 .
Integrated will pump $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million into Royal Alliance as initial funding .
Then the Gutfreunds determined to put up a 22-foot Christmas tree , weighing a quarter of a ton , to amaze their holiday guests .
NatWest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 300 , up 1 .
It found them in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood .
However risky the business , it 's brisk these days .
`` If people are n't buying , you have to close plants , '' he said .
They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks .
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing .
`` The big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics , '' he said .
In a telephone interview Friday , Dr. Toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 .
`` I believe that as soon as the selling abates somewhat we could see a rally back to the $ 1.20 region , '' she added .
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks .
`` People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers . ''
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold .
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart .
`` Whole areas of their bodies are neglected , '' she says , adding that clothes ruin the experience .
Competitors are known as the `` enemy . ''
Last year , the team ended up $ 2 million in the red on $ 30 million in revenue .
It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel , which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages -- progressing from less severe to deadly -- as though a cascade of genetic damage might be occurring .
Gold mining stocks traded on the American Stock Exchange also showed strength .
Now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as Nabisco is a franchise .
So far , Nissan 's new-model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential .
These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
After his decisive primary victory over Mayor Edward I. Koch in September , Mr. Dinkins coasted , until recently , on a quite-comfortable lead over his Republican opponent , Rudolph Giuliani , the former crime buster who has proved a something of a bust as a candidate .
He dies .
The computers use the company 's own microprocessor called Sparc , Sun said .
MCI Communications added 1 1\/2 to 43 3\/8 .
If a customer asks for stories about `` IBM , '' the computer will also supply stories that mention `` I.B.M. , International Business Machines , or Big Blue , '' Mr. Amram says .
But even before Wang 's latest financial troubles surfaced , some customers `` were trying to wall off their Wang installations '' so other departments would n't add Wang , says Chris Christiansen , a former Wang marketer who is now a market analyst with Meta Group , a market research firm in Stamford , Conn .
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index-arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions .
The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a three-member office of the chairman and elected James A. Johnson as vice chairman , effective Jan. 1 .
The long-term outlook for the retail brokerage business is `` miserable , '' Mr. Ross declares .
It is the New Journalism come to television .
During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens .
Linear Technology , Milpitas , Calif. , called the settlement `` positive , '' since products covered by the disputed patents account for about 20 % of its annual sales .
Mr. Maynard says the ruling pushed his company into bankruptcy court .
Gillette South Africa employs about 250 people .
Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold .
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Connaught closed at $ 28.625 , up $ 1.25 .
Pierre Peladeau , a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. , figures to become a big player in North American printing -- and his ambitions do n't end there .
`` The commissioners found the circumstances of the case did n't undercut the assurance from government rate setters of available funds adequate for safe operation , '' said a commission spokesman .
Since McDonald 's menu prices rose this year , the actual decline may have been more .
City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes .
The three units had combined 1988 sales of about $ 904 million .
`` We are in one of those phases where you are going to get a lot of volatile expiration action , '' said Donald Selkin , head of stock-index research at Prudential-Bache Securities .
In the 1960s , Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs .
But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . ''
The S&P 500 index futures `` transferred the identity of 500 stocks into one unit - making them a simple commodity to trade , '' says George Kegler , senior vice president at A. Webster Dougherty in Philadelphia .
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid .
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the dentist found out that the $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured .
Sales rose 9 % to $ 7.54 billion from $ 6.95 billion .
First Interstate made the move under pressure from regulators .
However , companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat , or perhaps even decline slightly .
In addition , on Jan. 1 , Thomas A. Bennett , 52 , will become vice chairman and chief operating officer of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust , filling a vacancy left by the retired Hans W. Wanders in April .
The machinists criticized the terms Mr. Wolf and management received in the buy-out .
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall .
Enfield is a holding company with interests in manufacturing concerns .
Tandy 's stock fell $ 1.375 a share to close at $ 44 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
The agency did n't cite specific situations where dual trading might be allowed , but smaller exchanges or contracts that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them .
When it was n't my turn in the balloon I followed its progress from the `` chase car , '' listening to the driver holler into a walkie-talkie .
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post .
Misery Loves Company
They do n't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically .
So , it is n't surprising that consumer-credit delinquencies at banks remain , as the chart shows , reassuringly below some earlier highs ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) .
The organization is scheduled to meet in Vienna beginning Nov. 25 .
`` Managers have long been those who supervise their subordinates so orders would be properly acted on , '' a spokesman says .
Analyst Robin Young of John Kinnard & Co. , Minneapolis , calls himself `` the last remaining bull on the stock . ''
Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations .
Nevertheless , he deems the deal `` plain smart '' for its huge promotional value .
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share .
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Only 23 % of trash-bag users in the Journal survey usually buy the same brand , and just 29 % of battery buyers stick to one brand .
Germany 's 7 % bond due October 1999 was unchanged at 99.35 to yield 7.09 % while the 6 3\/4 % notes due July 1994 rose 0.025 point to 97.275 to yield 7.445 % .
But the two countries remain separated by a cultural barrier wider than the ocean .
`` It 's one of the best in the business , '' says Salomon Brothers analyst Stephen Dobi .
For example , Nissho Iwai Corp. , one of the biggest Japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country .
More venturesome businesses are applying their skills in commercial fields .
Trading was moderate , with 176,100,000 shares changing hands on the New York Stock Exchange .
Witnesses have said the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton , the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April .
-- Women working full-time earned 66 cents for every dollar earned by men , a penny more than in 1987 and seven cents more than in 1978 .
`` It 's hard to know whether it was intended to be funny , '' says the East Berlin shopkeeper , `` But everyone I know laughed about it .
Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies .
Kurt Sanger , ABC Sports 's marketing director , says that now `` tens of thousands '' of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return , quarterback sack , etc .
And it 's adding 15 to 20 new outlets a day , says Greg Ricca , sales director at La Lecheria .
Ford officials said they expected the two Merkurs would sell about 15,000 cars a year , and in 1988 they reached that goal , as sales hit 15,261 cars .
It said simply that it will boost its Navigation Mixte stake as it sees fit over the coming days to protect itself , as long as it has French regulatory officials ' approval .
Again , you have to ask the obvious question : Why would intelligent beings kidnap seven Soviet mailmen ?
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings .
Among the three worst-performing groups , with declines of 10 % to 20 % , are airlines , casinos and securities brokers .
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot .
Health-care companies should get healthier in the third quarter .
Yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly re-evaluate and redesign existing plans .
Another federal agency not normally associated with disaster relief -- the Internal Revenue Service -- moved quickly as well .
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind .
( Mr. Blodgett , who was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive , is now on probation .
CalMat Co. said it completed a $ 32.8 million sale of assets from its Los Angeles area real estate portfolio for net income of $ 12 million .
His strategy against D.T. was based on a thorough study of dozens of its games , he said , including its notorious whippings of the grandmasters Bent Larsen of Denmark and Robert Byrne of the U.S. .
The French unit of Ferruzzi Agricola Finanziaria also disclosed a 40 % rise in its consolidated net profit for the first half of 1989 , excluding nonrecurring items and after payments to minority interests .
Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors .
Goodson said David Carr , former president of Ingersoll Publications , and Ray Cockburn , former senior vice president , would head the new in-house management team at Goodson , which had revenue of $ 225 million in 1988 .
The operating chief 's post is new .
United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million to the labor-management buy-out group for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid .
The price also includes assumption of about $ 1.4 billion in debt .
A capital-gains tax cut plan has been worked out by Senate Republicans .
Bach 's `` Air '' followed .
The appeals court held : `` When a distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known and is deliberately imitated in order to sell a product , the sellers have appropriated what is not theirs . ''
Bond prices staggered in seesaw trading , rising on reports of economic weakness and falling on reports of economic strength .
1 . As part of the approval process for RICO prosecutions , the prosecutor must submit any proposed forfeiture TRO for review by the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section .
`` I 've been two-thirds in cash since July , and I continue to think that having a defensive position is appropriate , '' he says .
Storage , which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives , represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business .
Monday , Oct. 30 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Journey Into Sleep . ''
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market .
In addition , they would receive some $ 200 million in payments for interest since then .
Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen ( under $ 1,500 ) -- one of the smallest , cheapest PCs available in the country .
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency , Friends of the Earth , etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited .
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share .
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events .
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible .
For the nine months , the insurance company said net fell 46 % to $ 88.8 million , or $ 1.54 a share , from $ 164 million , or $ 3.16 a share , the previous year .
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator .
`` We 're confident that it protects our route structure , '' he says , `` and our ability to grow and prosper .
The price paid was a record for the artist .
For several months , officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight .
Executive Director
News of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally .
The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them .
SCI TV 's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships .
Wham ! Bam !
In a hopeless position , the computer resigned rather than make its 37th move .
They noted , however , that a 26-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average gave the dollar a sharp nudge downward late in the day .
With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other .
Amending a 1988 return to claim a refund brings cash faster ; but for personal losses , there are other factors to consider , notes publisher Prentice Hall .
The offers come as Saatchi is struggling through the most troubled period in its 19-year history .
`` I 'm not looking for a runaway Christmas at all , '' he says .
He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done .
The products -- sealants and bonding materials used by dentists -- all contain fluoride that is released over time .
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.93 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen .
But according to Great American , such profits do n't count toward meeting the San Diego savings bank 's new capitalization requirements under 1989 federal law .
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
So , many Californians believe they can get by without it .
Mr. Miller said that Wang has already sold some $ 12 million of miscellaneous assets and disclosed that it had received $ 13 million from Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , in the previously announced sale of its Stirling , Scotland , plant .
Businesses `` want to verify information and ensure accuracy , '' says John Hiltunen , Dictaphone 's manager of media relations .
Chandler Insurance Co. said it expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million , or 51 cents a share .
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession .
Biosource Genetics Corp. , Vacaville , Calif. , is developing a spray containing a gene that spreads from cell to cell and interferes with the genes that are responsible for producing pollen .
And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points .
But given the political importance of California , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any Senate amendments adding further new appropriations .
The harder question is whether anyone yet understands that Mr. Bush 's fight for his constitutional prerogatives is about politics as much as it is about law .
But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker .
`` It 's Russian .
That price also covers Eurocom raising to 60 % its 51 % stake in Europe 's Belier Group , a joint venture ad agency network it owns with WCRS .
The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship .
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years .
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here .
We will not know until a first generation of female guinea pigs -- all of whom will be more than happy to volunteer for the job -- has put the abortion pill through the clinical test of time .
There 's little doubt that such a move would be immediately challenged in court -- and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved .
When he sneaked back later to try again , a different policeman offered to help him get the car out .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia .
Another major electronics problem faces Mr. Thompson -- the creation of a 24-hour trading system that can be used outside normal trading hours .
The transaction places the three executives squarely at the helm of a major agency with the rather unwieldy name of Eurocom WCRS Della Femina Ball Ltd. , or EWDB .
Nissan 's risk is that its low-base-price strategy might get lost amid the highly publicized rebates being offered by Detroit 's Big Three .
But advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 784 to 700 .
And perhaps with good reason .
The acquisition combined the country 's second-largest security company , Pinkerton 's , with 1987 sales of $ 410 million , and the fourth largest , California Plant Protection , with $ 250 million in sales , creating the industry 's biggest firm , which took on the Pinkerton 's name .
For longer-term CDs , yields were up .
( This was never a problem with South Gardens , because the client had long since given in to Ms. Bartlett 's every whim . )
Their $ 700 million-plus in estimated paper losses easily tops the $ 400 million in paper losses the takeover traders , known as arbitragers , suffered in 1982 when Gulf Oil Co. dropped a $ 4.8 billion offer for Cities Service Co .
It also gives the outspoken Mr. Della Femina -- who often generates as much publicity for himself as for his clients -- an international platform that he most certainly wo n't be loath to use .
UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary .
When the bikes first entered mass production in 1981 , they were dismissed as a fad .
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon .
Mr. Moon 's two English-language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain .
In the process , 4.9 million shares traded , making UAL the second most active issue on the Big Board .
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
That possibility had crept closer as repeated new share offerings to finance Trelleborg 's rapid growth steadily diluted the foundation 's holding .
First , he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry , the legendary coach who took the Cowboys to five Super Bowls and 20 consecutive winning seasons .
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first .
The `` Major Events '' strategy , Mr. Pilson says , is designed to notch a place for CBS on the crowded TV dial of the 1990s .
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article .
On a video screen , riders can see 30 different `` rides , '' including urban , mountain and desert scenes , and check how many calories are burned a minute .
The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said .
Mr. Peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court .
Since most of its assets are tied to Manville , a forest and building products concern , the trust might also want to diversify its holdings .
Your Sept. 26 `` Politics & Policy '' article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved .
( Lavery vs. U.S. . )
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully .
`` After more than 200 years , something new has happened to pencils , '' said Arthur D. Little in a 1974 report that publicly described the previously secret item .
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , LIN rose 50 cents , to $ 109.25 .
A Seagram spokesman in New York would n't comment .
A spokesman for North Carolina Gov. Martin says Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases .
But in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws , if they meet certain procedural requirements .
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring .
The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer .
Mid-sized companies were most affected by talk of layoffs or plant closings .
When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year , he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business : Pinkerton 's Inc .
This will be his return on an original investment of between 50 million Swiss francs and 80 million Swiss francs .
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . ''
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management .
We did n't expect BellSouth to be so responsive , '' said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , which holds 500,000 LIN shares .
CBOE Chairman Alger `` Duke '' Chapman , said that , unlike the futures market , the options exchange has to open in a rotation that allows each different options series to trade .
One day last March , CBS Sports President Neal Pilson and Olympics superagent Barry Frank met for lunch at the Lotos Club here .
Never mind .
They value McCaw 's bid at $ 112 to $ 118 a share .
Marc M. Goloven , an economist with Manufacturers Hanover Trust in New York , said that while the figures appear to indicate a sadly deteriorating U.S. trade performance , there 's still enough positive news in the data to justify buying dollars .
Recession fears are springing up again among investors .
One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant 's reactors .
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier .
Mr. Foret , 44 , is a 15-year veteran of Texas Air and Texas International Airlines , its predecessor .
One party could stand for consumer interests , small government , free trade and globalism to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries .
Companies planning to go public `` are definitely taking a second look , '' says Allen Hadhazy , senior analyst at the Institute for Econometric Research , Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , which publishes the New Issues newsletter on IPOs .
The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression .
`` I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , '' he says .
The Massachusetts deal had an unsold balance of $ 84.3 million in late trading , the underwriter said .
The company also disclosed its financial operations had increased reserves for bankrupt accounts , resulting in a $ 40 million pretax charge for the third quarter .
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved .
Call it anecdotal if you will .
Elisa Byler , a St. Louis masseuse , won over officials at Emerson Electric Co. , a maker of electrical and electronic equipment , by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage .
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator .
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . ''
The San Francisco Examiner issued a special edition around noon yesterday that was filled entirely with earthquake news and information .
Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf .
`` Because there is a lot more volatility now , if guys see that they can make a quick 10 % or 15 % profit , they 'll take it . ''
It did n't say if its year-earlier results were influenced significantly by nonrecurring elements .
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments .
At its strongest , the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. is offering its 6,000 San Francisco employees a two-tier flextime schedule -- either 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m .
We were wrong .
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
Con men hate snow .
National Semiconductor Corp. said it settled a four-year-old patent infringement case against Linear Technology Corp. by accepting a $ 3 million payment from Linear in exchange for granting Linear irrevocable licenses for all products involved .
Over the first few weeks , `` Mancuso FBI '' has sprung straight from the headlines , which is either a commendable stab at topicality , or a lack of imagination , or both .
I understand , but have n't yet verified , that there are studies by Norwegians , Russians and the Max Planck Institute that show either unchanging or declining UV-B at the surface .
The company 's I.W. Harper brand is the leading bourbon in Japan , with 40 % of the market .
Wall Street is n't avoiding everything connected with paper .
Despite the new emphasis on the family trade , however , tourists in search of naughtier fun than gambling seem certain to find it , with Las Vegas call girls remaining on the scene .
`` I 'm somewhat skeptical about the underlying demand '' for Polaroid products , said Michael Ellmann , an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Co .
A shareholder filed suit , seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 15 a share , or $ 33.6 million .
Animated shows , which are made by outside production companies , cost the network about $ 300,000 per episode .
The officials also said the meeting agreed to continue treating China as a special case , despite the recent repression of dissent there , but to offer no further concessions .
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places .
The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs `` creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation ( write-offs ) or investment credits , '' says Paul Huard , a vice president for the National Association of Manufacturers .
Mercury Savings & Loan Association , Huntington Beach , Calif. , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 3.9 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 1.4 million , or 22 cents a share , in the year-earlier quarter .
During the summer , Legal Services Corp. , a Florida legal aid group , filed a petition with the Fed on behalf of residents in four Florida counties .
`` The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , '' says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures .
Continentals believe that the strongest growth area will be southern Europe .
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds .
But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles .
This year , it has moved to cut costs in its newspaper division through layoffs and asset sales , while reaching joint venture and acquisition agreements in other areas .
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan .
In the Vermont case , a federal judge ruled that the state 's mandatory age of 70 for appointed judges was illegal ; Vermont 's appeal of that decision is pending before the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan .
Instead of focusing on the financial future , Mr. Dinkins has sold himself as a unifier for a city recently touched by racial violence and as a soothing antidote to 12 years of commotion generated by Mayor Koch .
Should you really own stocks ?
The coupon on the issue will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 .
Leading the assault against the Egg King has been United Egg Producers .
He warned that Fed efforts to conquer inflation would fail -- and could produce `` a major financial crunch '' -- unless they are accompanied by a significant reduction in the federal deficit , which causes the government to borrow heavily .
A month later , Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government .
Installation of the TV system , which includes providing free 19-inch TV sets in classrooms , begins in January .
And he got rid of low-margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .
Litigation consulting is , as New York trial attorney Donald Zoeller puts it , `` highly manipulative . ''
The offer came just prior to arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court over whether the Free Press should be allowed to enter into a joint operating pact with Gannett Co. 's Detroit News .
As president , Mr. Lung , 42 years old , succeeds his father , Mervin D. Lung , 66 , who founded the company in 1959 .
It 's sort of loyalty by default .
When President Corazon Aquino , whose command of Filipino is spotty , announced last year that the language would be used in official communications , there was an uproar from many legislators , who continue to conduct debates mostly in English .
Susan Rogin , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's House abortion opponents `` have n't been able to muster the votes to overturn a veto on abortion in 16 years . ''
The U.S. has voiced opposition to China 's bid for GATT membership , saying China has yet to undertake needed economic reforms .
Furukawa Electric Co. said it plans to increase production of computer memory devices on a large scale in the U.S. and Japan .
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms .
They 're just as confused . ''
The seniority-list controversy , along with the job-classification dispute , has been turned over to the mediator .
`` If this had happened a few months ago when the atmosphere was still very positive it would n't have been greeted with anything like the impact it has had over the past two weeks , '' says Dennis Jarrett , a market strategist at Kidder Peabody .
Then , too , many individual investors lack the sturdy emotional makeup professionals say is needed to plunge in and out of the market .
BRIEFS :
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets .
USX , which had n't set a date for the offering , did n't disclose any timetable for the offering .
Now , as a new downturn in the chemical industry looms , Akzo says it is in far better shape to cope .
According to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 22,000 on the open market ( Figure 6 ) , where I plan to offer it shortly .
Financial Corp. also is proposing to exchange each of its 130,000 outstanding shares of cumulative convertible preferred series A stock for two shares of common .
General Electric Co. executives and lawyers provided `` misleading and false '' information to the Pentagon in 1985 in an effort to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices , federal prosecutors alleged in legal briefs .
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 18.73 billion from $ 15.09 billion .
In its letter to him , dated March 2 and shared with reporters , Alex Hager , the chief of the thrift-institution bureau in the comptroller 's office , expressed puzzlement that the S&L could be so profligate when it had reported losses of more than $ 13 million in its two preceding quarters .
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies .
Chairman Antonio Asensio will retain a 70 % share in Zeta .
A 75-day trial in the early 1980s determined that Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , infringed on patents of Polaroid , of Cambridge , Mass .
`` We just took another floor for our London offices , '' said Joseph Flom of the New York firm of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom .
We practically ran our own studio . ''
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys
Understandably , smaller growth stocks have n't been in favor recently .
Meanwhile , House-Senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 3.18 billion anti-drug and anti-crime intitiative , cutting other federal spending 0.43 % to pay for it .
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions .
Consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues .
At the current price , the USAir holding represents 9 % of all the assets that Mr. Steinhardt manages .
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline .
But the catastrophic events for which the policyholder can collect are narrowly defined , vary from policy to policy , and generally permit use of only a small fraction of the face amount of insurance .
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . ''
She has done little more than recycle her standard motifs -- trees , water , landscape fragments , rudimentary square houses , circles , triangles , rectangles -- and fit them into a grid , as if she were making one of her gridded two-dimensional works for a gallery wall .
Barely visible on Hong Kong 's property scene in 1985 , by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor , spending $ 602 million .
The March delivery ended with an advance of 0.16 cent a pound to 14.27 cents , for a two-day gain of 0.3 cent .
British-born , the 24-year Ogilvy veteran was named last week to succeed Kenneth Roman , who is leaving by year 's end to take a top post at American Express , an Ogilvy client .
Mark Solow , senior managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , says the falloff in junk bonds may yet open new business opportunities to banks in structuring takeovers .
Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said .
A new experiment , reported in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine , involved giving injections of Amgen 's EPO to 23 patients who wanted to store units of their own blood .
For instance , franchisers no longer must pre-register sales to aspiring franchisees who qualify as `` sophisticated purchasers . ''
Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section .
Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries .
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar .
The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking .
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex .
The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters .
`` Given our forecast for lower rates , purchases made now should prove quite rewarding before year end , '' he said .
They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations .
Many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding , which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion .
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport .
But the brewer said Jeffrey Coors voluntarily gave up the position to focus more of his energy on Coors Technology Co. , a small unit of Coors he has run for several years .
In addition , a one billion mark credit dating from 1974 is to be written off .
The dollar soared against the pound , which was at $ 1.5765 compared with $ 1.6145 Wednesday .
But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help .
But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow .
In the wake of a slide in sterling , a tailspin in the stock market , and a string of problematic economic indicators , British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson promised gradual improvement in the U.K. economy .
They also have argued that government proceedings notifying a company of potential responsibility do n't fit the legal definition of a lawsuit ; thus , such governmental proceedings are n't covered by the policies , the insurers say .
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed .
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said .
It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , '' she added .
State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel .
The head of the nation 's largest car-dealers group is telling dealers to `` just say no '' when auto makers pressure them to stockpile cars on their lots .
In addition , long-term debt has been trimmed to about $ 72 million from $ 96 million since Jan. 1 .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
Because hurricanes can change course rapidly , the company sends employees home and shuts down operations in stages -- the closer a storm gets , the more complete the shutdown .
Whatever the monetary crime losses , they may not be nearly as important to entrepreneurs as the risk of personal injury .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 13\/16 % offered .
Matra said the sharp improvement in net profit partly reflected a decline of 59 million francs in the group 's net loss from nonrecurring items in the first half of this year to 104 million francs from 163 million a year earlier .
Air & Water , which provides environmental services and systems , paid about 1.4 million of its shares for Falcon .
Republicans would try to attach a capital-gains provision to that legislation , hoping the political popularity of its other two parts would dissuade Democrats from blocking it .
`` But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids . ''
Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines .
The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes .
The arrangement is subject to approval by the Supreme Court of British Columbia province , Crown said .
Cincinnati Bell Inc .
One Conservative MP , David Wilshire , said : `` I should have a wonderful suntan by Christmas . ''
Now Mr. Broberg , a lawyer , claims he 'd play for free .
But institutions say Wall Street brokerage firms are less willing to make markets .
He altered the wording to win Mr. Greenspan 's endorsement .
Norwood is controlled by Daniel L. Barnett and Paul A. Reese , both officers of Boston-based Oasis Capital Management Inc. , a small Boston money management firm .
Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest .
In London , stocks closed lower in volatile trading as an opening rally was obliterated by worse-than-expected U.S. trade figures .
Its stock has slumped recently , closing unchanged Friday at $ 29 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange ; at that price , the company has a market value of about $ 278.4 million .
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 6.76 points in a spate of bargain-hunting following last week 's declines .
And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night .
Of the 4,346 issues that changed hands , 1,435 rose and 629 fell .
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago ?
`` He 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . ''
The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods .
`` The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . ''
As for Sassy , which competes directly with News Corp. 's Seventeen magazine , Mr. Lang says that in the next two years he will spend $ 6 million promoting and improving the magazine .
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year .
Those two groups have recently been leading the list of stocks setting new highs .
But owning index futures is n't the same as owning the underlying stocks .
The shift wo n't affect operations .
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed .
They are not interchangeable , since they are motivated to act based on their own circumstances .
Seats are currently quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked .
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said it plans to introduce next year a new line of sunglasses containing melanin , the pigment that protects against damage from ultraviolet rays .
But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend .
However , Bond Corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later .
Some analysts said they believed Mr. Trump , whose towering ego had been viewed by some as a reason to believe he would n't back out , might come back with a lower bid .
Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents .
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government .
Franchisees ca n't be forced to go along with a franchiser 's discounting .
Leverage is never a problem for the traditional `` open end '' mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all .
The predicament , he added , was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse , which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia 's history .
Great American said it increased its loan-loss reserves by $ 93 million after reviewing its loan portfolio , raising its total loan and real estate reserves to $ 217 million .
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 was down 2\/32 at 111 29\/32 to yield 10.09 % , while the 11 3\/4 % notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 19\/32 to yield 12.94 % .
IRS Commissioner Fred T. Goldberg said the changes are intended to bring `` accountability '' to the agency , which has an annual budget of more than $ 5 billion and collects about $ 1 trillion a year .
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture .
`` Most people read 10 times more than necessary in order to find out what they really need . ''
I can attest that a recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between Grand Central Terminal and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan .
Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply .
`` Over the next few years , I would advise caution . ''
He said he believes UAL management was badly advised on the funding of its original transaction .
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks .
In other words : Get rid of all the pictures .
On some days , the Nucor plant does n't produce anything .
Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over ?
In fact , Kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer-driven program trading ; in that controversial business , only Morgan Stanley & Co. rivals Kidder .
Investors and professionals alike would compete on the level playing field Congress sought and called a `` national market system '' ( not yet achieved ) almost 15 years ago when it passed the Securities Reform Act of 1975 .
Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if Mr. Lortie was asked to leave .
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue .
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment .
`` There 's a wide feeling of indignation across the country , '' says Bhabani Sen Gupta of the Center for Policy Research , in New Delhi .
Sunday and Monday , Nov. 5 and 6 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC : `` Cross of Fire . ''
There is n't a black worker in sight .
He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy-out of the catalogue showroom unit .
Each company worries that the other is becoming too powerful and too vertically integrated .
Profits improved across Hess 's businesses .
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
He says bowling helps him shed pounds , though that effort is sometimes thwarted by the fact that `` when I 'm drinking , I bowl better . ''
The papers , which Israel says were discovered in Israeli-occupied Gaza , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the Revolutionary Eagles . ''
She said that the timing of the United Kingdom 's entry would depend on the speed with which other members liberalize their economies .
B.A.T Industries , the most active Amex issue , rose 3\/8 to 12 3\/8 .
Guns were never used : Each man was stabbed to death with a large knife .
Mr. Patel also was placed on three years ' probation .
In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations , warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere .
The failure of the Saab talks `` makes it even more crucial for { Ford } to be victorious '' in the Jaguar contest , said Stephen Reitman , European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew in London .
`` This is n't a distress sale .
Asked why so few nations seem to share his views of America , he said , `` Many people see it that way .
The guest paid his bill at the resort hotel , and as he departed he noticed a sign saying , `` Have You Left Anything ? ''
Regrettably , too , Mr. Ortiz resorts to the familiar `` numbers game '' when he boasts that `` fewer than 392 { state enterprises } currently remain in the public sector , '' down from the `` 1,155 public entities that existed in 1982 .
`` They said they wanted to show me how serious they were , '' he says .
Bulls say the market is an incredible bargain , priced at only about 12 times estimated 1989 earnings for stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500 index .
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares .
PRINCE HENRI is the crown prince and hereditary grand duke of Luxembourg .
But some dealers are negotiating looser terms , while others decline to deal at all .
He was finally given leave when he was arrested for allegedly buying crack .
After repeated gun robberies , some entrepreneurs may give up a business out of fear for their lives .
The action will establish a two-tier exchange rate .
Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers .
Doman Industries Ltd. said it increased its stake in Western Forest Products Ltd. to 56 % from 22 % , through a two-step transaction valued at 137 million Canadian dollars ( $ US116.7 million ) .
`` These days , anything can happen .
When they determined that GM needed parts more quickly , Armco convinced a steel service center to build a processing plant nearby so shipments could be delivered within 15 minutes .
The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently .
Still , investors will take some convincing before they get back into IBM 's stock in a big way .
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole ( R. , Kan . ) said yesterday on `` Meet the Press '' : `` I would hope after his { Mr. Ortega 's } act yesterday or the day before , we 'd have unanimous support for quick action on remaining humanitarian aid . ''
Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters and 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck .
As for Mr. Levy at St. Gillian , he says he will maintain his credit lines with the various Campeau stores unless they miss a payment .
His credentials are excellent for the task .
Cross & Trecker said negotiations are under way for the sale of another company , RobertsCorp .
However , company officials said they plan to take `` no initiatives '' to resurrect the transaction , and `` are n't aware '' of any restructured bid in the making .
And Eugene Glazer , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , said : `` If you hired an attorney to be there all the time and give you a ( prediction ) of the eventual award , I would be willing to bet that he would be off '' by a lot .
Unlike the New York Stock Exchange , where buyers and sellers are quickly matched , the junk market , where risky corporate loans are traded , is sometimes closed for repairs .
He predicts the pound will continue to trade in a very volatile fashion , with `` fits of being oversold and overbought '' before recovering its losses .
It said it expects full-year net of 16 billion yen , compared with 15 billion yen in the latest year .
Generali , Italy 's biggest insurer , last month offered 5,500 lire a share for the Nuovo Banco stake held by Banco Popolare di Milano , the bank 's largest shareholder , which announced plans to sell the holdings earlier this year .
Net foreign investment through August this year has been running at a pace of $ 12.5 billion , about double the year-earlier rate .
Many commuters who normally drove across the Bay Bridge , which is shut down for several weeks because of damage to one span , actually may have reached work a bit faster on BART yesterday , provided they could find a parking space at the system 's jammed stations .
Utility stocks , on the other hand , thrive on disinflation , because the fat dividends utilities pay look more attractive when prices are falling ( or rising slowly ) .
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . ''
GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding .
The Fed exercises a power given to it by Congress and the president .
An official linked the gain essentially to higher prices for beef and pork .
Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction .
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast .
The Fed recently eased credit by lowering the bellwether federal funds interest rate to 8 3\/4 % from about 9 % .
The bank also says it 'll use its international network to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges .
Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 240 million , or 71 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
`` A couple of things Mr. Newsom said were at least misleading , '' said Kevin O'Connell , one of the Washington regulators responsible for the handling of Lincoln .
Investors have gotten burned on silver so often that they are far more partial to gold , says Urs Seiler , senior vice president at Union Bank of Switzerland .
And eventually , they contend , domestic demand will weaken , forcing companies to emphasize exports again .
`` The Odeon made a written offer to Marcia Levine on July 10 to return to work as the maitre 'd , at the same pay , same hours and with back pay accrued , '' he said .
There has been no announcement of the Burger King arrangement by either party , possibly for fear that McDonald 's and other fast-food rivals would seize on it in scornful advertising .
Kodak hired Robert Buzzell and Polaroid brought in Robert J. Dolan .
The top stock-index arbitrage firm last month was Morgan Stanley & Co .
Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped .
In October 1987 , President Corazon Aquino vowed that her government would `` get out of business '' by selling all or part of the state 's holdings in the many companies taken over by the government during the 20-year rule of Ferdinand Marcos .
Both periods included non-recurring charges of $ 3 million for early retirement of debt .
Edward O'Brien , president of the Securities Industry Association , said that the securities-industry trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is `` hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the SEC 's goals . ''
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. said it plans to shift its headquarters to Calgary , Alberta , from Toronto next year to cut costs and be closer to the upstream natural-gas industry .
Many analysts are expecting the Fed to lower interest rates at least once more before the end of the year .
In fact it can be argued that increasing capital commitments by market makers ( a result of some post-1987 crash studies ) also increases market volatility , since the more securities are held by market makers at any given time , the more selling pressure is overhanging the market .
Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .
The banks jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said .
And some oil companies are trying to lock in future supplies .
But unless they continued to grow , TW , based in Paramus , N.J. , would have run into trouble .
Mr. Toussie said he would respond to Lionel 's suit after his lawyers review it .
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon .
Stuart E. Eizenstat , a partner in the Washington law firm of Powell , Goldstein , Frazer & Murphy , was named a director of this utility holding company , increasing board membership to 14 .
The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .
For instance , it releases Mr. Sisulu without conditions , yet his son , Zwelakhe , a newspaper editor , is restricted to his home much of the day and is n't allowed to work as a journalist .
Some want lower limits on house sizes ; others insist on progressively higher taxation for larger homes and lots .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 5 % five years ago .
And Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday .
In making cases , the authorities frequently zero in on alleged misrepresentations made by the charities ' fund raisers .
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
This is not the `` Mississippi Burning '' scenario that thrills his young colleagues : `` Kid , you 've been reading Classic Comics too long , '' Mancuso says .
IBM shares closed at $ 103 , down 50 cents , in Big Board trading .
Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families .
Workers and management , Mr. Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the `` flexibility and diversity '' that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions .
Then he unleashed his own , unstoppable , attack .
The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move into the Texas market , noting its profitability and capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance .
My language sure goes to pot down here on the coast . ''
The experience of Princeton\/Newport and initiation of other RICO-forfeiture cases against legitimate businesses taught Drexel that a RICOed investment bank would be an ex-investment bank .
These units were handling calls both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises .
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed .
The Nasdaq composite index closed down 1.05 to 459.93 on volume of 161.5 million shares .
But others reject the view , and forecast the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern .
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing .
Sales of new homes rose and inventories of houses , which had been climbing , dropped .
One group of middle-aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
Some analysts said Inco , which had cash reserves of $ 272 million as of Sept. 30 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 10-a-share special dividend it paid last year .
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
Its 1988 revenue was $ 25 million .
Stocks retreated to session lows just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying .
The funds should help ease a cash bind at HealthVest , which has been unable to pay its debts because Healthcare has n't made complete rent and mortgage payments since July .
Investors who change their mind about buying or selling after an order has been filled are , usually , stuck with the consequences .
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level .
The rating agency said it lowered the ratings on $ 75 million of the holding company 's convertible subordinated Eurodebentures to B-3 from B-1 .
But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments .
TW Services dropped 1 1\/4 to 31 1\/4 following the postponement of a $ 1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company .
People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days or even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it .
Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . ''
The older one looks like a member of the jury for a literary award , the younger one looks like a novelist .
But advertising revenue is inadequate .
As the stock market bounced back , withdrawals of money from stock funds amounted to a mere trickle compared with Black Monday , when investors dumped $ 2.3 billion , or about 2 % of stock-fund assets .
The traffic jam out of the park was monumental .
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Because the figures are based on a small sample , the department said it is 90 % confident only that new-home sales fell somewhere between 5 % and 23 % during the month .
About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds .
Clinton said in Columbus , Ohio , that its Clinton Gas Marketing unit wants to line up a number of such gas management contracts .
Most foreign government bonds markets were quiet .
Neither side showed any sign of retreating .
Both Renault and DAF will have world-wide marketing rights for the new range of vans and light trucks .
It said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations .
Holding the dam on taxes is the most important task of the Bush presidency .
But success for Unilever and P&G is far from guaranteed , as shown by the many consumer-product companies that have tried and failed to master the quirky beauty business .
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people .
For American car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing .
GM also had dismal results in the first 10 days of the month , while other auto makers reported mixed results .
The market for $ 200 billion of high-yield junk bonds regained some of its footing as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rebounded from Friday 's plunge .
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Judge Sentelle , of the appeals court in Washington , made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled , `` RICO : The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence . ''
`` Share prices performed even worse than the funds ' asset values because fear has taken hold '' in the junk market , he says .
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians .
And the Pentagon said dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert `` awaiting orders to move emergency supplies . ''
The Peruvian mineral concern 's $ 251 million claim stems from 1988 jury award in a case stemming from the brothers ' alleged attempts to corner the 1979-80 silver market .
`` All operations have stopped , '' he said .
Total return is price changes plus interest income .
Defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising protectionism as European unity nears .
The suit sets the firms ' liability at more than $ 185 million .
Also , BASF AG , another large chemicals company , said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Consequently , Michael Darby , undersecretary for economic affairs at the Commerce Department , said inflation probably will edge up from the third-quarter rate in the final three months of 1989 .
That is typically about a three-week window .
It has said it might seek bankruptcy-court protection from creditor lawsuits if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings .
The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade on roads leading to the capital , and government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area in western Afghanistan .
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas , beginning with `` Golden Rain , '' a lilting , laid-back lead in to the uptempo `` Sky , '' which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers .
Unlikely as it may seem , tiny , politically neutral Ireland has penetrated the mighty Soviet airline bureaucracy .
Mr. Lescaze is foreign editor of the Journal .
Mr. Pilson 's `` Major Events '' strategy jelled after Mr. Tisch took over .
Among the takeover-related stocks that sold off yesterday were Disney , which closed down 2 1\/8 to 121 1\/4 .
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices , according to David Mills , senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers .
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .
Malcolm S. Todt was named vice president and senior officer in charge of equipment leasing to municipalities , a new effort of this bond insurer .
Outokumpu is a mining , trading and construction concern .
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
He was able to slash the price of the company 's least expensive mountain bike to $ 279 from $ 750 in
The company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba .
There , amid oil paintings and marble tables , massages are administered every Wednesday .
He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share .
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation .
Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares .
Meanwhile , Mr. Paul and CenTrust executives are getting squeamish about opulence .
The $ 320 million purchase of MTM represented an audacious international move for TVS , which then was about half the U.S. concern 's size .
Copyright 1989 by Reed Publishing USA .
Critics say Mitsubishi Estate 's decision to buy into Rockefeller reflects the degree to which companies are irritated by the pressure to act for the good of Japan .
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 .
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders .
LAWYERS IN Texas 's biggest bank-fraud case want out in face of retrial .
We now need support from the Democrats on the Rules Committee in order to include earnings-limit reform in the Reconciliation Bill .
First Boston sweetened the terms from the original yield estimate in an apparent effort to place the huge offering .
Mr. Lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation .
`` If I lose , I lose my position , my career , my pension , my home and my investments , '' says the judge .
The non-food operations accounted for about 27 % of Provigo 's 7.38 billion Canadian dollars ( US$ 6.3 billion ) in sales in the latest fiscal year .
The bonds were won by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group with a true interest cost of 7.17 % .
The issue includes $ 100 million of insured senior lien bonds .
The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .
Nobody yet seems to have calculated the total number of slot machines , crap tables or roulette wheels Las Vegas will add to the enormous store that Lady Luck already guards here , much less the ultimate impact of the growth on schools and municipal services .
The Fujitsu spokeswoman said headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance and will take measures so this kind of thing does n't happen in the future .
Environmental Control Group Inc. said it expects to report `` minimal '' earnings or a loss for the third quarter .
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security .
AT&T said the products , unlike previous generations , will meet so-called Sonet compatability standards , which AT&T expects to be broadly adopted .
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14-judge panel .
The owner was Israel Ortiz , a 29-year-old entrepreneur and father of two .
The bid is part of Sir James Goldsmith 's unfriendly takeover attempt for B.A.T Industries PLC , the British tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant that acquired Farmers last year for $ 5.2 billion .
AT&T said its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments .
The company was founded in Sacramento in 1929 by two brothers , Ralph and Walter Merksamer , who operated as DeVon 's Jewelers .
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .
Because the federal pension agency had taken over the old plans , LTV would be responsible only for benefits paid under the new pension plans .
( Players have to be 35 or older , except for catchers , who are eligible at 32 because life behind the plate is so rough . )
For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold .
In an era of ` sound bites ' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term .
It has three U.S. branches .
Du Pont , as it happens , has a potential substitute for CFCs .
A federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of Federal Trade Commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of rivets .
Apple recently hired its first Japanese president , luring away an official of Toshiba 's European operations , as well as a whole Japanese top-management team .
At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell .
Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company .
They also established an office to control government and party finances .
No ?
If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his `` Boheme '' and `` Turandot '' and boom out recordings ( of another era ) .
In this article , I was alleged to have said , `` Any patient with high-risk colon cancer is really getting short shrift if he 's not getting this therapy . ''
Many skittish mutual fund investors picked up the phone yesterday , but decided not to cash in their chips after all .
In recent days , however , there has been increased purchasing of copper in London , an analyst said .
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . ''
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill .
The company installed a prototype system that connects Dallas with Miami over digital phone lines .
President
Among the new issues was Massachusetts 's $ 230 million of general obligation bonds .
British government restrictions prevent any single shareholder from going beyond 15 % before the end of 1990 without government permission .
`` We feel we have the money necessary to handle the immediate , short-term requirements , '' Mr. Fitzwater said .
However , he recently told the Senate Banking Committee that he believes the agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans .
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered .
Mr. Bush said that he initiated talks with the Soviets on the informal meeting by sending a proposal to Mr. Gorbachev last July , which the Soviet leader readily accepted .
`` Think I 'll redo my image -- get this changed to a glove , '' quipped the big first baseman Saturday night , fingering the gold bat he wears on a neck chain .
Also , as former Reagan antitrust chief Charles Rule has noted , this would `` establish the precedent that the government may charge parties for the privilege of being sued regardless of whether the government prevails . ''
Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. , Schenectady , N.Y. , an insurance agency and brokerage .
On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations .
Exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record .
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather .
But for a few minutes there , relief abounded .
The smoking prohibition remains attached to a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress .
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied .
Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its common shares for employee stock plans and other general corporate purposes .
The company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars .
Bankruptcy specialists say Mr. Kravis set a precedent for putting new money in sour LBOs recently when KKR restructured foundering Seaman Furniture , doubling KKR 's equity stake .
Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium .
And he says Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap .
But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal .
Fox , which also owns six TV stations , provides programs three nights a week to those and other affiliates .
Blunt Ellis & Loewi estimates direct mail catalog sales rose to $ 12 billion last year .
But the two groups have something very important in common : They are both havens for scared money , stocks for people who hate stocks .
Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , was named president of the unit .
`` We 've known for years and years we 've got lots of old { pre-1950s } unreinforced brick and masonry buildings . ''
Market technicians were encouraged by the price patterns , which in the past have preceded sharp rallies .
Canadian Pacific is Soo Line 's biggest customer and has owned a majority stake in the U.S. railroad since 1947 .
Mr. Orr could n't be reached for comment yesterday .
Their `` secret '' is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way .
They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do .
Of course , that is n't really the case .
The average three-month issue rose to 8.05 % from 7.77 % .
The court set a hearing on the emergency action for Oct. 30 .
Mr. Honecker 's removal `` was bound to happen , '' says one aide to Chancellor Kohl .
( Europe had proved even less hospitable than North America .
South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer .
He has argued that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending .
Two days earlier , his attorney met in a Park Avenue law office with a cartoon dealer who expected to sell 44 of the most important stolen strips to Mr. Russell for $ 62,800 .
There is no small irony in the fact that some of the most-jingoistic advertising comes courtesy of -- you guessed it -- outsiders .
Since stock futures were created in 1982 , trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and other exchanges has boomed to the point where trading in stock-index futures rivals that in the stocks themselves .
China 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong .
In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings .
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage .
In East Berlin , Communist Party officials considered legalizing New Forum , the country 's largest opposition alliance , as about 20,000 demonstrators staged protests in three cities to press demands for democratic freedoms .
Sales in the six months ended Sept. 30 were up 4.5 % to 229.03 billion yen from 219.27 billion yen .
`` I would like to have had them , '' he said .
The issue has also cost Federal management a lot of good will among its old pilots .
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits .
`` He did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score .
Last March , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed .
The federal mail and wire fraud statutes provide even better illustrations of the rapid evolution of a federal common law of white-collar crime .
Officials in East Berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in dispersing protesters this month .
Creator Hugh Wilson , for example , included the lead character 's Greek family in the cast , `` but that is not the right focus anymore , '' said one CBS executive .
`` There is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , '' he said .
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields .
Christopher R. Petruzzi
The approval also ends any hope that Banque Nationale de Paris , another state-sector bank , might have had about taking Credit Lyonnais 's place in the accord .
Columbia Savings & Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share .
The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 .
The firm of Bruce Kelly\/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park 's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden .
Thomas H. Johnson , president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. , was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. , a Manville unit , and senior vice president of Manville Corp .
The United Nations , which is distributing farm tools to returning refugees in Namibia , is rethinking a plan to hand out machetes because of the tense political climate during preparations for independence from South Africa .
NEW ACCOUNT
Mr. Johnson is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Chicago bureau .
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the Japanese .
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome .
The latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 71 million from non-recurring items .
The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures .
The pound likely will fall in coming days and may trade as low as 2.60 marks within the next year , says Nigel Rendell , an international economist at James Capel & Co. in London .
`` But if you support him over rape victims , this may be your last term . ''
So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos , gossip , technical data , schedules and directives distributed over local and national computer networks .
Still , like the auto makers , when dealing with Mr. Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true .
East Germany 's Politburo met amid speculation that the ruling body would oust hard-line leader Honecker , whose rule has been challenged by mass emigration and calls for democratic freedoms .
\*\* Year ago figure is restated .
The down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the Bank of Japan in May .
Office closed yesterday at 4:30 p.m. EDT .
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses .
The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. , and its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .
In addition , Revco 's 1,900 stores in 27 states represent a lot of real estate , he said , and demographics are helping pharmacies : The nation 's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs .
Santa Fe stopped freight trains Tuesday night while its officials inspected track but resumed service at 10:45 p.m. when they found no damage .
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Mr. Stevens said he kept a `` buy\/hold '' recommendation on the stock only because `` all the damage has been done . ''
But others remained skeptical .
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too .
Crude prices spurted upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to San Francisco area refinery complexes , but the rise quickly fizzled when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely curtailed .
The plan lacked a withdrawal timetable .
Still , no one expects IBM 's rivals to deliver a knockout .
President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work .
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials .
A $ 575 million San Antonio , Texas , electric and gas system revenue bond issue dominated the new issue sector .
While Shearson does n't do computer-guided program trading for its own account , the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes , Mr. DaPuzzo acknowledged .
The battery of legal documents filed in the past week in connection with the suit provide a peek into the inner workings of this Hollywood dogfight .
Pension reform was its main thrust .
The delay in getting AZT to children has been blamed on a combination of factors .
LOTUS DEVELOPMENT Corp. 's net income rose 61 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Carbide closed at $ 24.50 a share , down 50 cents .
December delivery gold fell $ 1.80 an ounce to $ 370.60 .
Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health .
However , one person familiar with UAL said the signs pointed to Coniston because Mr. Trump has n't asked for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of stock under federal antitrust rules .
The company attributed the earnings drop to lower volume related to seasonal demand and the soft consumer durable market , especially in the automotive sector .
`` The intensive labor needed to manufacture furs { in the U.S. . } is not as available as it was , '' says Mr. Schreibman , who is starting overseas production .
Actually , 67-year-old Mrs. Thi is about as poor as almost everyone else in this impoverished land .
The existence of the policy became known after Bush disclosed it to seven GOP senators last week , citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions , officials said .
Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties to lenders through `` deeds in lieu of foreclosure . ''
The poll , conducted Aug. 7-28 , also provides a glimpse into the thinking of serious investors on a variety of other topics .
Next week , the country 's top designers and manufacturers will begin showing fashions for spring 1990 , the second most important selling season of the year .
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stock with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies between the two markets .
University of Michigan students look for jobs related to planned careers .
The company also has a stock-repurchase plan .
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC. , Sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 1.12 billion , NYSE , had only minor structural damage .
Simply put , there is n't enough business for every store to grow .
When they halt trading , all market liquidity is gone .
To focus on its global consumer-products business , Colgate sold its Kendall health-care business in 1988 .
And by the early 1980s U.S. capitalists had ample reason to welcome junk bonds , to look the other way .
The maker of telecommunications management systems had 6,420,268 shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 .
The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor .
After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties .
Bush conceded that the requirement did n't affect a decision to lend only minor support to this month 's failed effort to oust Panama 's Noriega , aides said .
At the same time , investors estimate the restructuring would cut the company 's annual cash interest bill from about $ 90 million to $ 85 million .
But as for safety , he says double-deck freeways built today with the heavily reinforced concrete and thicker columns required after the Sylmar quake should withstand a calamitous temblor of 7.5 to 8 on the Richter scale .
The awards are evidence that Silicon Graphics ' approach to computer graphics is catching on with users of powerful desktop computers , analysts said .
But , Mr. Kakita added , once U.S. equities regain some stability , players will move back into dollar-denominated investments , especially Treasury bonds , whose value rises when interest rates decline .
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs .
A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it .
He figures Akzo is likely to be one of the few major chemical companies to show profit growth next year .
The plant builds chassis for recreational vehicles and about 450 workers will be affected by the closing .
In trading at the Chicago Board of Trade , the corn contract for December delivery jumped 5.75 cents a bushel to settle at $ 2.44 a bushel .
Few people are aware that the federal government lends almost as much money as it borrows .
Today , he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine , the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business .
Whipsawed financially and emotionally by Friday 's heartstopping 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and yesterday 's 88-point rebound , they 're wondering if an individual has any business being in the market .
On Oct. 21 , it did a rendition of the kidnapping and imprisonment of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson , who was abducted in March 1985 and is believed to be held in Lebanon .
The company unveiled more than 50 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning .
That sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of Tiger .
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue .
`` About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors { primarily to greater speed } , '' according to NHTSA .
Volume was an active 643.3 million shares , about double the recent levels but down from 959.3 million the previous day , which U.K. traders have dubbed `` Manic Monday . ''
Though Sir James has said he intends to mount a new bid for B.A.T once approval from U.S. insurance regulators is received , jitters over prospects for junk-bond financing and U.S. leverage buy-outs are making investors more skeptical about Sir James 's prospects .
This program , combined with cash grants to needy students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries .
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers .
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories .
PRO BONO VOLUNTARISM : In an effort to stave off a plan that would require all lawyers in New York state to provide twenty hours of free legal aid a year , the state bar recommended an alternative program to increase voluntary participation in pro bono programs .
Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan , secretary of Health and Human Services .
But the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing .
The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets .
( Here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : Take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it .
Even if only some of the allegations stand up , however , they provide ample testimony to the awesome power of judges in rural communities .
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped .
Weirton Steel Corp. said it reached a tentative agreement on a 48-month labor contract with the Independent Steelworkers Union covering production and maintenance employees .
More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing .
The study said Japan 's carbon-dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels .
So the inner-city burial ground is trying to resurrect itself with a television advertising campaign .
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable .
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing .
A Chemical Securities group won a $ 100 million Oregon general obligation veterans ' tax note issue due Nov. 1 , 1990 .
But once the pound steadied with help from purchases by the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the dollar was dragged down , traders say , by the stock-market slump that left the Dow Jones Industrial Average with a loss of 17.01 points .
The purchase of Nekoosa would easily eclipse Georgia-Pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of Brunswick Pulp & Paper Co. last year .
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau .
Westinghouse Electric Corp. also won a $ 75.5 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts .
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 .
Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of `` pro-choice '' marches , house parties and fund-raisers .
Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .
Most of the growth , he said , will come in the $ 35,000-to-$50,000 price range , where Mercedes has a 35 % U.S. market share .
Declining issues on the Big Board were ahead of gainers , 1,012 to 501 .
A sales tax increase would require two-thirds approval in both houses of the state 's legislature .
And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate .
Now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension , bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces .
And the injunction Judges Miner and Altimari would so readily have granted had New Era sued in time ?
`` This is no time to be playing in the street ...
Sandoz said it expects a `` substantial increase '' in consolidated profit for the full year , barring major currency rate changes .
Outside the white-walled headquarters of the socalled Society of Orange Workers , all seems normal in South Africa 's abnormal society .
Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions .
`` As a result of your ultimatum , '' writes the Wisconsin Democrat , `` I guess there is no longer any point in taking administration views into account on other items in conference , inasmuch regardless of their resolution you apparently intend to veto this bill .
October is a critical month for the privatization program .
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said .
`` I would say he 's definitely not in need of money , '' says Matt Merola , an agent of Mr. Jackson 's based in New York .
Several analysts and brokers said the petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking .
The fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $ 86 million .
The subscribers are in 52 different communities in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi .
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade .
Last month the FDA and Contact Lens Institute cautioned users that serious eye infections could result from wearing lenses more than seven days at a stretch .
Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has ballooned to more than $ 104.8 million .
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom .
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official .
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested .
`` Our customers watch us for the hidden message , '' he said .
Ten of the plant 's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift ; seven were hospitalized .
The other involves the sale of about 35 of the company 's high-end workstations to the National Institutes of Health .
`` The employment report is going to be difficult to interpret , '' said Michael Englund , economist with MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York .
But as astounding as the changes that have already occurred are , there is a fragility to glasnost .
Ad Notes ... .
Many are refugees , having fled China 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949 .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce .
THE FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD'S coming rule on disclosure involving financial instruments will be effective for financial statements with fiscal years ending after June 15 , 1990 .
But most of the drug money is kept in investments and in financial institutions outside Colombia .
Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday .
Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers , 1,108 to 416 .
Ferranti has said that it would be forced to write off # 185 million against the phantom contracts , reducing its net asset value by more than half .
If this pattern continues , the Labor Department said , 1989 will be the first year that the measure has shown an increase since 1981 when the department started comparing expiring contracts with those that replaced them .
But it 's just one of those things that happened .
In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union .
Other details were n't available .
To begin with , we should note that in contrast to the U.S. deficit , Britain has been running largish budget surpluses .
He already has achieved vertical integration on a limited scale : Quebecor can put a weekly newspaper on almost any Quebec doorstep without using outside help , from chopping down the tree to making the newsprint to flinging it up onto the porch .
The figures confirm that there certainly is n't any drilling boom .
Instead , he says , most investors have to rely on the rumor-happy Indian press .
In the year-ago quarter , Viacom also paid preferred stock dividends of $ 17 million ; Viacom exchanged its preferred stock for debt in March .
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale .
With only 16-year-olds to 19-year-olds eligible , 68 % of workers getting less than $ 4.25 an hour , who are adults , wo n't be subject to the training wage , he said .
That includes dwellings in the ravaged Marina district that must be demolished , peeled business facades south of Market Street , and houses in the city 's outer Richmond district that were heaved off their foundations .
There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel .
Before his assassination in 1988 , President Zia of Pakistan repeatedly stated that fresh Soviet troops were being inserted into Afghanistan even as others were ostentatiously withdrawn .
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN .
Hallwood is a merchant bank whose activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers , office buildings , apartments and other real estate .
And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week .
Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain and strong wood-product sales that offset weakness in pulp and paper to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share .
After all , Mr. Muniak says , `` in Poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment .
When Roger Birnbaum , an executive who worked for Guber Peters in the early 1980s , left to take a job as head of production at the United Artists studio , they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` Rainman '' and `` Batman . ''
That 's helping put pressure on both the market 's winners and its losers .
South Gardens , as the Bartlett scheme is called , will occupy the last 3.5 acres of open space at the southwest tip of Manhattan .
The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Mr. Wolf , but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he teamed up with the pilot union .
He added : `` I expect to see the earnings momentum we experienced this quarter continue for the rest of the year . ''
Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company .
Quickview Systems Inc. said it filed a lawsuit against Apple Computer Inc. , claiming patent infringement in an element of Apple 's popular HyperCard software program .
Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly .
Those are Templeton Global Income , Templeton Emerging Markets and now the Value Fund .
He added that the cost for stress-related compensation claims is about twice the average for all injury claims .
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
I was a last-minute ( read interloping ) attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking .
In one way , the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves .
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said the price action for all of last week is the best he has seen on a weekly basis in more than a year .
In the latest nine months , Ford earned $ 3.52 billion , or $ 7.51 a share , compared with $ 4.14 billion , or $ 8.53 a share .
Factory workers on strike knocked Poland 's Communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down .
British Airways may have begun to have second thoughts about the transaction after the Transportation Department forced Northwest 's Airlines ' new owners to restructure the equity contribution of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines in that carrier .
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. .
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . ''
The government is projecting a # 14 billion surplus for the fiscal year .
And those who remain , he says `` will demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies . ''
He thinks that progress in cooperation can be made in areas where no vested interests have built up .
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier .
It also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports .
At TWA , the System Board of Adjustment hears 50 to 75 cases a year , only a fraction of the complaints brought to personnel specialists .
Nissan concedes that it wo n't recoup all its market-share losses in Japan until at least 1995 , and even that timetable might prove optimistic .
Lockheed Corp. said it will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force in California and Georgia by several hundred workers , reflecting the defense industry 's decline .
The Queks control the Hong Leong Group , which has widespread interests in manufacturing , property and finance in both Malaysia and Singapore .
Toyota 's $ 35,000 Lexus automobile , a luxury model that it started shipping to the U.S. only last month , is racking up orders at a time when U.S.-made luxury-car sales are slow .
Charles D . Way , president of this restaurant operator , assumed the additional post of chief executive officer .
Amid the market disorder , even Drexel , which has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors , is pulling in its horns .
The quotes could not be found on the tapes , and the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm and her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , `` we assume the quotations were deliberately altered . ''
But Mr. Brady argued that the SEC is closer to the markets and in a better position to understand when the exchanges are under such stress that they should be closed .
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Verit closed unchanged yesterday at $ 3.875 a share .
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named .
Both Mr. Brown , the state 's most influential legislator , and Gov. Deukmejian favor a temporary sales tax increase -- should more money be needed than the state can raise from existing sources and the federal government .
Both before and after the Friday plunge , Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks , 20 % bonds and 15 % cash .
Instead , CBS hopes the show will increasingly highlight the talent agency and the business of being an agent .
Your Sept. 27 page-one article `` Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo , Especially Gentility '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience .
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading .
Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March .
But the transaction faltered in September , when Qintex Australia was forced to increase its offer to US$ 1.5 billion following a counterbid from Rupert Murdoch ; the deal fell apart altogether earlier this month .
Winnebago Industries slid 5\/8 to 5 1\/4 .
In the past , the company usually took token equity positions in power plants it supplied as a `` kicker '' to close deals .
DLJ argues that TW could , if necessary , cut capital spending , since half of what it plans to spend is for `` growth , '' rather than maintenance .
But when they discover that markets are n't always as liquid as they supposed -- markets jump .
The new market helped boost U.S. fur sales to about $ 1.8 billion a year now , triple the level in the late 1970s .
Thus , even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key .
Officials with the Pennsylvania Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , the arm of the state that investigates judicial misconduct , counter that they had no inkling of anything amiss in Ebensburg .
Instead of Japan 's typical small homes clustered on narrow streets with no sidewalks , the new `` One Hundred Hills '' development will offer 65 houses on half-acre lots .
On Tuesday afternoon , Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed .
The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market .
Among possible buyers , Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio .
About 11,000 shares sold at $ 170 on the bell , representing about eight to 10 late orders , the specialists estimate .
This case realizes that concern . ''
For more than 50 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities .
For the six months ended Sept. 30 , Daiwa reported unconsolidated ( parent company ) net income of 79.03 billion yen ( $ 556.5 million ) on revenue of 332.38 billion yen ( $ 2.34 billion ) .
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute .
Although the second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders .
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House , Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive .
Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project .
In June , farmers held onto meat , milk and grain , waiting for July 's usual state-directed price rises .
The Health and Human Services Department currently forbids the National Institutes of Health from funding abortion research as part of its $ 8 million contraceptive program .
The insurance brokerage agency , just a fragment of Helmsley 's vast empire , would be the first piece of the company to be stripped away since last summer when Mr. Helmsley 's wife , Leona Helmsley , was found guilty of tax evasion .
The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 and a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans and Jeeps .
While results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes Don L. Robinson , associate director of the National Federation of Independent Business , the largest small-business organization .
`` We had underfunded Maalox for a year , '' he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs .
Three pieces of evidence corroborate the key assumption that Democratic legislators are more willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Republican colleagues .
Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year .
Planar Systems Inc. of Beaverton , Ore. , the largest of these firms , with $ 20 million in annual revenue , has similar plans .
The leader in real estate brand names is developer Ara Hovnanian .
The pop sobered up investors who had been getting a little too ebullient , says Mr. Jarrett .
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons .
J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies .
He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter , and held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market .
Operating profit from carbon products , such as graphite electrodes , also declined , to $ 6 million from $ 20 million .
Mr. Trump never said how much AMR stock he had bought , only that his holdings were `` substantial . ''
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 .
Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun .
Reinsurance is protection taken out by the insurance firms themselves .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year .
Arkla Inc. said that as part of a program to improve profitability it will take a total of $ 189 million in after-tax charges by year end .
A part of the construction-oriented conglomerate SsangYong Group , it took over the dying Dong-A Motor Co. in 1986 .
But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 .
What 's surprising is that there is n't more of a conservative outcry as the Bush administration lets the programs slip down the national-priority list .
They lorded it over me .
At a hearing last week , Democratic Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut told Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady that `` Chairman Greenspan 's '' announcement over the Oct. 13 weekend was a `` very important statement . ''
Two guys from Gary , Ind. ? ''
In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly .
Lloyd 's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance .
These development grants mainly enrich developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking garages .
`` It 's now a very good time politically to get this over and done with , '' observed Daniel Jones , professor of motor industry management at the University of Cardiff in Wales .
British life insurer London & General , which firmed 2 pence to 356 pence ( $ 5.70 ) , and composite insurer Royal Insurance , which finished 13 lower at 475 , were featured in the talk .
It was above 33 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 1987 , and has n't gotten much higher since . )
The union is the bargaining representative for more than 20,000 Michigan state employees .
Kyle Technology Corp. said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
His characters practically scamper through a vast range of human emotions , like travelers doing 10 cities in eight days .
The San Francisco-based telecommunications company said it carries $ 150 million of earthquake insurance with a $ 10 million deductible provision .
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery .
FDIC Chairman Seidman said that Lincoln Savings & Loan of California should have been seized in 1986 to contain losses he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion .
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega 's half-brother , a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado .
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins .
`` Champ '' Chandler 's last pitch , apparently , was a screwball .
The department 's Office of Thrift Supervision said that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are biased , but conceded that it does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often .
Concord is a camera and photographic products company .
Mr. Dinkins also has failed to allay Jewish voters ' fears about his association with the Rev. Jesse Jackson , despite the fact that few local non-Jewish politicians have been as vocal for Jewish causes in the past 20 years as Mr. Dinkins has .
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . ''
`` And he tells me , ` If you want to see your paintings , you 'll have to come to my house in Florida . ' ''
Northrup King Co. , Golden Valley , Minn. , awarded its $ 4 million field-crop-seeds account to Creswell , Munsell , Fultz & Zirbel , a Cedar Rapids , Iowa , division of Young & Rubicam .
Mr. Dempsey estimated that the issue 's London debut was accompanied by `` very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares . ''
President Bush must appoint two other members , one a Democrat and one a Republican .
Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy .
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . ''
Are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge ?
Shareholders of Noxell , of Hunt Valley , Md. , will vote on the merger at a special meeting on Nov. 30 , the companies said .
That 's not plot .
It 's not enough .
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects .
It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful , since it helps them strike a friendly posture on behalf of an important constituency .
`` I believe it will do more damage than good because it will legitimize people like Daniel Ortega , '' says Curtin Windsor , who served as U.S. ambassador to Costa Rica during the Reagan administration .
Paxus said in a statement it has several `` well developed product and services relationships '' with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links .
The noncallable issue was priced to yield 105 basis points above the Treasury 's fiveyear note .
The successes achieved at Federal Express , Union Carbide and Grumman suggest that managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage .
Noting that the company is offering to buy back $ 154.2 million in senior notes paying 12 3\/4 % , he said the response will help determine future debt-reduction efforts .
International Business Machines Corp. unveiled a broad strategy to tackle the biggest problem that manufacturers face when computerizing their operations : Most machines ca n't talk to each other .
The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of doctors and pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization dedicated to protecting the health of the people .
However , nationally , Mr. Pilevsky controls through limited partnerships about 85 shopping centers with about 17 million square feet .
But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer , Jonathan Fried ( Zamislov , the paralegal ) who is the actor to watch , whether he is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife ( Becca Lish ) by licking her bosom .
Analysts said they expect McCaw to escalate the bidding again .
Traders said that statements made over the weekend to quell concern about the stability of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government and the future of her economic program largely failed to reassure investors and bolster the flagging British unit .
In a separate speech prepared for delivery at the dinner , Robin Leigh-Pemberton , Bank of England governor , conceded that `` demand pressures were even more buoyant than had been appreciated '' when the British economy was heating up last year .
The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal .
Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen , the friend of Mr. Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality .
Ideologues are the last to surrender , and Germans are an ideological people .
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend .
The year-ago results , however , included the operations of a bottling business , which was sold last December .
In each case , the exchange is valued at $ 56.25 a share .
`` We put a price on the deal that the market required to get it done . ''
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. must extend its offer for LIN Broadcasting Corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , LIN said in New York .
`` If the market refocuses on earnings , we should get better valuations of growth stocks , '' says L. Keith Mullins , a growth-stock analyst at Morgan Stanley .
`` There were some business deals that went bad , '' Mr. Jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . ''
But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues .
And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life .
Literally .
Also , he and Mr. Stein were ordered to make restitution of $ 35,000 to a customer .
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed .
This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business , and $ 22 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal .
The bureau found that only two of six New York furniture stores could prove their presale prices were higher .
Proceeds from the planned sale of the 250,000-square-foot building `` will help reduce the debt incurred as a result of our July 1988 recapitalization , '' said a USG official .
After August the Fed may have stopped sterilizing , but it 's hard to see much impact on the dollar .
Managers of junk funds were bolstering their cash hoards after the September cash crunch at Campeau Corp .
But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that `` a surprisingly small proportion '' -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but `` spend down '' to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged .
Under the proposed agreement involving the world 's tallest building , Chicago-based Sears would receive about half the money through conventional mortgage financing and the other half as a convertible mortgage .
For the nine months , Eastern had net income of $ 41.8 million , or $ 1.80 a share , up 23 % from $ 33.9 million or $ 1.46 a share a year ago .
First quarter , July 31 , 1989 :
Coffield Ungaretti Harris & Slavin brought in Howard A. Menell as a partner in its Washington , D.C. , office , which opened Oct. 1 .
It shows a boy hurling rocks at a street lamp .
Last month , Paribas 's archrival , Cie . Financiere de Suez , won a battle for Groupe Victoire , France 's second-largest private-sector insurer , which itself had just acquired West Germany 's Colonia Versicherung AG .
If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill , it shall be sent , together with the Objections , to the other House , by which it shall likewise be reconsidered , and if approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a Law ... .
Mr. Bork 's opponents chose the battlefield , held it and kept it .
Officials at Carnival declined to comment .
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go .
Then someone decided to try broken-down earthmoving equipment that , inexplicably , held against the waves .
Devotees pass hours , watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping , as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous , alone with their thoughts .
Clearly , the judge has had his share of accomplishments .
But the stock market swings have continued .
His pledge , in a letter to Democratic Sen. Byrd , came ahead of an expected Senate vote on spending legislation containing the provision .
And of course , doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties .
Can `` Masterpiece Theatre '' make a compelling human story out of the discovery of insulin ?
A spokesman for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , said the network was `` looking into what happened . ''
`` It 's an overwhelming job , '' she says .
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .
Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion .
Gate receipts are only the Cowboys ' second largest source of cash .
It held that Testa is taxable on $ 44,400 of unreported income .
The catastrophe losses sustained by insurers this year will probably be the worst on an inflation-adjusted basis since 1906 -- when another earthquake sparked the Great San Francisco Fire .
BroadBeach Associates Inc. , the Los Angeles investment partnership whose $ 62-a-share bid for McGill Manufacturing Co. was topped recently by a competing offer from a Swedish concern , disclosed that it sold its entire 7 % McGill stake .
Earlier this week , a Fifth Circuit appellate panel upheld Judge Maloney 's dismissal of Mr. Gaubert 's claim as a shareholder but said the judge should reconsider Mr. Gaubert 's claim for the loss of his property .
Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and Howard Marlboro , a sports and event marketing firm .
Earlier this month , the White House endorsed stripping the controversial tax measure from the bill so that Congress could pass quickly a `` clean '' bill containing only provisions specifically designed to meet federal budget targets under the Gramm-Rudman act .
Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour and 15 minutes , via the Golden Gate Bridge , which connects San Francisco with the North Bay area .
Direct-mail executives see GM 's stand as an ominous sign -- even if the junk-mail kings did bring it on themselves .
Meanwhile , SCI TV can barely pay its cash interest bill , and to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of bank loans and junk bonds that have fallen due .
James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 .
Still the Salinger decision created a strong presumption against fair use of unpublished materials .
The company says it will increase its international advertising 35 % in 1990 , with bourbon representing most of that amount .
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo 's victims .
Since Anchor is still seeking this waiver , Vitro said the tender offer is being extended until 5 p.m. EST tomorrow .
Over the last few weeks , he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani .
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2 .
Mr. Spinney is a permanent Pentagon official .
Still , Mr. Bush and some other aides are strongly drawn to the idea of trying out a line-item veto .
Hugh Zurkuhlen , analyst with Salomon Bros. , predicts the shift will mean P&G 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double digits . ''
Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million , a 78 % rise from $ 61.7 million a year earlier and a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August .
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder .
Honeywell said its Defense and Marine Systems group incurred delays in shipping some undisclosed contracts during the third quarter , resulting in lower operating profit for that business .
But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size .
Varity has proposed to acquire K-H Corp. , consisting of the auto parts division and some debt of Fruehauf Corp. , for $ 577.3 million of cash and securities .
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit .
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? ''
But passenger-kilometers , the distance flown while carrying people , increased 5.3 % in 1988 .
And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating .
The combined operations had 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million .
These rules , they say , permit faster and cheaper trading in futures than in stocks , which frequently knocks the two markets out of line .
Wheat futures prices rose slightly .
Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada .
The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products .
Quebecor Class B stock closed at C$ 15.375 , up 62.5 Canadian cents .
After declining about 41 % last week , UAL advanced 9 7\/8 to 178 3\/8 on 1.1 million shares on anticipation of a revised takeover offer from a labor-management group for the parent company of United Airlines .
Humana , which wants to acquire one of the new machines itself , is on the record as opposed to the proposal .
Executives close to Philip Morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide Inc. , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account .
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 .
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight .
The dollar finished lower .
`` People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . ''
And so on .
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . )
`` The last few days will surely slow down the pace of events , '' says Scottish Amicable 's Mr. Gilchrist .
`` Although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost containment strategies -- does n't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the Institute of Medicine , an affiliate of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded after a two-year study .
According to the American Cancer Society , smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men and 75 % among women .
It largely rested on its hard-to-fault demographics : 10.8 million subscribers in the first half , up from 10.5 million a year ago ; an average age of 42 for readers -- at the height of their consuming years ; loyalty to the tune of an 85 % average subscription renewal rate .
Intel eased 1\/8 to 31 7\/8 .
Michael shares closed at 13 3\/4 yesterday in national over-the-counter trading .
The Task Broker differs from other programs that spread computing tasks around a network .
Are n't we , after all , the inevitable culmination of that stately pageant called evolution ?
For some at the SEC , an agency that covets its independence , Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider .
But TPA sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million , cooling investors .
Shearson , a 62%-owned unit of American Express Co. , did n't have enough time to update its market commentary so , `` We decided to kill our strategy pieces , '' says Jack Rivkin , the head of Shearson 's research department .
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article .
Saying this is a first for a Western company , West Germany 's largest mail-order group said the newly established Moscow-based Intermoda company is scheduled to begin operations in February 1990 .
`` I think { Mr. Phillips } is going to need some help .
Unlike many lawmakers , Chairman Gonzalez says he considers intervening with regulators to be improper .
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports .
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1,400,000 common shares , via Dillon Read & Co .
All of the term bonds are original issue discount bonds , according to the lead underwriter .
Mr. Green could n't be reached .
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation .
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote .
`` Some people flat out did n't know what to do , '' says Robert G. Lee , vice president for emergency planning and corporate security at Great Western .
Mr. Noriega did n't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol .
Guaranteed by Redland PLC .
FORMER APPLE COMPUTER Inc. general counsel John P. Karalis has joined the Phoenix , Ariz. , law firm of Brown & Bain .
The cancellation bodes poorly for a company already beset with an identity crisis exacerbated by the retirement of general director Beverly Sills and the amazing appointment of Christopher Keene as her successor after his years of feckless toiling in the pit .
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead .
Some 822 New York Stock Exchange issues advanced in price , while 668 declined .
Mr. Craven is widely credited with refocusing Morgan Grenfell 's energies on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year .
Did the stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals ?
Texas Instruments Inc. , once a pioneer in portable computer technology , today will make a bid to reassert itself in that business by unveiling three small personal computers .
Ad Notes ... .
There is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino , chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary `` Tilted Arc . ''
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry .
Some have bought big chunks of Strip property for what may turn into another wave of building .
It is capable of reaching the entire Caribbean area and deep into North America .
But several other types of funds shielded investors from the worst of the market 's slide .
Dollar : 142.85 yen , up 0.95 ; 1.8415 marks , up 0.0075 .
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote .
The more factories and robots Japanese manufacturers add , the more they will be able to export , and the less their domestic customers will need to import .
Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks Jaguar 's cachet .
But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings .
Traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust West German economy and higher rate differentials .
That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat .
If we wish to be serious about American education , we know exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do .
Rents have soared along with house prices .
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance .
Cipher Data , a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical disc drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring .
Auto shares were mixed , as Daimler-Benz firmed 2 to 723 , Bayerische Motoren Werke lost the same amount to 554 , and Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 .
In the Bush White House , the size of the NSC 's staff of professional officers is down to about 50 from about 70 in 1987 , administration officials say .
For the last year , Santa Fe Pacific has redirected its real estate operations toward longer-term development of its properties , hurting profits that the parent had generated in the past from periodic sales from its portfolio .
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters .
GDP is the total value of a nation 's output of goods and services .
In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit .
John C. Holt , an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director , sold 10,000 shares on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 , filings show .
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors .
HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common .
About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision , Mr. Edelman says , and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month .
Mr. Peterson also says he does n't consider himself a financial planner anymore .
Business in the nation 's fourth-largest metropolitan region was nearly paralyzed ; an estimated one million members of the work force stayed at home .
Although lung-cancer mortality rates are increasing for the nation as a whole , the report projects that death rates will begin to decline in the 1990s for men and after the year 2000 for women .
Co-author Richard Hollinger cites what happened at one family-owned company absorbed by a foreign giant .
Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples : They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings .
But the ballplayers disagree .
Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices .
Some scenes : -- Saturday morning , a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life 's possessions .
That is a little disturbing , '' Ms. Kleinman said .
`` The interest deduction was the engine that made these things more productive .
`` But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other . ''
As well , reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits .
Mr. Pozen is the general counsel and a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston .
The bizarre arrangement grows out of Mr. Alexander 's representation of Derr Construction Co. , one of several defendants in a wrongful death lawsuit brought by Ms. Parks , the widow of a construction worker killed in January 1987 while working on a new Houston convention center .
Growing public fears about the Soviet environment is one new factor affecting some joint-venture plans .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s .
`` First year I came back there was n't any work , '' he says .
The couple 's first dog , Homer , was named after the Great Event , though unwitting friends assumed he was the namesake of the poet .
Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped-for television news career , according to her lawyer .
He said his suit against Enfield seeks two years severance pay , equivalent to C$ 720,000 .
Too early to tell , but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture .
The EC Commission decided that such an accord does n't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law .
The Japanese assault on the luxury market is rapidly overshadowing such European makes as Audi and Saab , which at least have clear brand images .
The company 's new management , which took control of Amdura 's board after a consent solicitation last month , wanted to extend the loan while it tries to sell two units .
Planners now influence the investment of several hundred billion dollars , but in effect they operate in the dark .
Some HUD money actually does trickle down to the poor , and zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage and even own their units .
Most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome wit .
Net Gain
In a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle .
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) .
Southwestern Bell Corp. said net dropped 8.7 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in Missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues .
In the August proxy material , Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal , its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery 's shareholder value would `` continue to erode . ''
`` The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , '' the prosecutor said .
But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone .
Merkur 's death is n't nearly as costly to Ford as was the Edsel debacle , because Merkur was a relatively low-budget project with limited sales goals .
And she further stunned her listeners by revealing her secret garden design method : Commissioning a friend to spend `` five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up . ''
`` Then they said , ` By the way , two of the doors are locked . ' ''
Not mentioned were the 50,000 people rendered homeless , and the more than 200,000 out of work for an indeterminable period ; the $ 1 billion-plus in losses to homes and personal property on the barrier islands ; the near - and long-term impact on the state 's largest industry , tourism , not to mention the human suffering .
He graduated near the top of his class , serving on the school law review with Richard Thornburgh , who went on to become governor of Pennsylvania and , now , U.S. Attorney General .
The sale of the company 's cable franchise brought an after-tax gain of $ 193.3 million , part of which will be used to reduce debt .
Mr. Kennedy suggested Democrats `` yielded a great deal '' on the size of the increase , but he cited concessions from the White House on the training wage , which he said make it `` less harsh . ''
General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74%-owned by Leucadia , the sellers said .
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period .
CIA chief William Webster , hardly a Washington malcontent , got the debate started last week by noting that the executive order banning assassinations had contributed to U.S. paralysis during the coup .
In fact , they 've spent billions of dollars to boost the percentage of continously cast steel to 60.9 % in 1988 , from 39.6 % five years before .
Sears , Roebuck & Co. is struggling as it enters the critical Christmas season .
That means simple , clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction , deferring more complex issues such as risk .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
The question is at the root of a brawl between Humana Inc. , the big for-profit hospital and insurance company , and its not-for-profit brethren in its home state of Kentucky .
The central offices for both regions were previously located in Ludwigshafen , Basf headquarters .
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition .
Mr. Gonzalez and his colleagues , particularly the finance minister , Carlos Solchaga , are charged with having abandoned their socialist principles and with having become arrogant elitists who refuse even to go on television ( controlled by the state ) to face their accusers .
Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System .
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . ''
To hear advertisers tell it , the magazine just has n't kept up with the times .
Nearby , five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools , having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses .
But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach .
British government bonds were little changed as investors awaited an address on economic policy by John Major , the new Chancellor of the Exchequer .
The largest issue was a $ 4 billion offering of auto-loan securities by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 .
They then began donating blood twice a week , receiving an EPO injection each time .
Few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in collaboration with other local merchants .
`` What this is saying is that the surgeon general 's message is having an impact , '' said Melvyn Tockman , an epidemiologist at the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health in Baltimore .
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes .
Debt-Burdened Doctors Seek Financial Security
Time Warner said its cable division turned in a 77 % increase in operating cash flow , to $ 166 million from $ 94 million , reflecting higher per-subscriber revenue .
`` He 's a genuine Wheaties-box athlete , '' gushes Mr. Jones .
Among engineering firms , CRS Sirrine rose 5\/8 to 34 1\/4 on the Big Board and four others rallied on the American Stock Exchange : Jacobs Engineering Group , which gained 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/8 , Greiner Engineering , which rose 3 1\/2 to 22 1\/2 ; Michael Baker , which added 1 1\/4 to 15 1\/4 , and American Science & Engineering , up 1\/2 to 8 1\/2 .
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .
Mr. Brawer , along with Mrs. Coleman and her daughter , Elizabeth , an attorney who is vice chairman , are the family members involved in the operations of Maidenform , which employs about 5,000 .
It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ?
Mr. Ehrlich will continue as a director and a consultant .
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level .
The French state-controlled auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s .
Stocks are much riskier than Treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider .
They add that the Fed has allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\/8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week .
`` People are looking for an ability to try and read the market , rather than be manipulated , '' said Dudley A. Eppel , manager of equity trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds .
And anybody who lacked the backing of the retail sales force `` would be fragile , '' said a Daiwa executive .
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction .
About six months before a recession ends , stocks typically begin to rise again , as investors anticipate a recovery .
In July unfilled orders grew 1 % .
Together , they control nearly 40 % of Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. ; Tele-Communications has a 21.8 % stake , while Time Warner has a 17.8 % stake .
Until last week , `` Everyone felt certain they knew the outcome of the election .
Coal earnings rose to $ 26 million from $ 21 million .
No payments would be made this year , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the bill commits the government to annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of $ 1.25 billion is met .
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. said it decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls at its 60-inch tandem cold rolling mill in Allenport , Pa .
`` The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize , '' says Glen Halva-Neubauer , a Furman University political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question .
Over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker Charles Schwab & Co. and Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil .
But he says that 's no more a reason for banning Egg Kings than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars .
A spokesman for the buy-out group was n't immediately available for comment .
The award was made by a federal court to the widow of a U.S. Forest Service employee who contracted Hodgkin 's disease after using herbicides containing Agent Orange in a weed-killing program .
Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets .
The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker and his firm `` will be irreparably injured and their business will be totally and permanently destroyed . ''
The appeals court upheld a district judge 's ruling that the insurer had to defend the company in such proceedings .
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % .
After enduring three days of heavy selling , the beleaguered Nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in hearty trading .
That 's the only note that 's truly in tune ... ' . ''
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier .
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
The filing , made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here , follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp. , Merksamer 's owner , to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price .
A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets .
And truck sales also are off more than 20 % .
`` Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , '' says Masahiko Kitamura , general manager of Nissho Iwai 's Canton office .
`` Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force .
Its shares slid in late dealings to close a penny per share lower at 197 pence .
Pacific Telesis Group said its Pacific Bell unit sustained property damage of about $ 45 million to $ 50 million from the California earthquake earlier this month .
But he has been getting heat from all sides over program trading .
A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines :
Say you purchased a stock because of a new product that was in the works .
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio .
The company said it had been notified unofficially that Waertsilae Marine Industries , a Finnish shipyard building three cruise ships for the company , is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy .
Meanwhile , the average yield on six-month CDs of more than $ 90,000 fell to 7.93 % in the latest week , according to Banxquote , from 8.10 % the week before .
`` All life is about change -- either you adapt or die , '' says one Chicago futures trader .
`` I 've heard that there is $ 40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' Mr. McClelland says .
Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest .
In an already low-profitmargin business , commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public , depriving the private individual of access to the markets .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Terra said he sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares from Aug. 9 to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share .
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 point lower .
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures .
`` It 's easier to get worse than better in this game . ''
The year-on-year rise in August was slightly down from the 6.4 % rate in July .
The politics of the 1990 congressional authorization are likely to be similar to those of previous authorizations .
NBC was second with a 13.9 rating and 24 share followed by CBS Inc. 's television network with a 12.5 rating and 21 share .
That tends to tilt the public debate toward `` solutions '' even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency .
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share .
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic .
The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results .
`` This deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at New York Telephone . ''
It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month , or it could follow the White House strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended .
`` We think alliances are very important , '' Mr. Eddington says .
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress in this session by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C . ) .
`` We do n't disclose specifics . ''
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary .
Bond prices ended lower after an early rally , while the dollar was mixed .
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies .
For the nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 465 million , or $ 4.32 a share .
In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval 's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright .
Before becoming a consultant in 1974 , Mr. Achenbaum was a senior executive at J. Walter Thompson Co .
East Rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7 % .
What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level .
National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million .
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher .
Then there were two gold watches once owned by Allan Pinkerton , who founded the company in Chicago in 1850 .
Renaissance 's last portfolio shift , carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills .
U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy , asthma and cold products ; dermatological products ; anti-infectives and anti-cancer products ; and cardiovascular products .
A classic example of institutions ' hunger for liquidity is portfolio insurance , now widely discredited .
Occasionally , all that 's needed is a little coaxing .
Last year , the tourists left $ 3 billion with the area 's casinos , nearly 10 % more than in 1987 .
The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year .
Whether desirable or not , this is a child-care program , not an educational program .
In major market activity : Bond prices rose .
Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % , and housing costs gained only 0.1 % .
Analysts say Digital can expect this pent-up demand for the new VAX to fuel strong sales next year .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 2 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 24 .
Treasury Securities
I take these pronouncements , like many that have preceded them in past years , with a grain of salt .
Gaining Big Board issues outnumbered decliners by 1,235 to 355 .
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors .
She 's trying to sell a $ 150 exercise bike she bought about five years ago for her roommate .
It will probably be attached to a State Department authorization bill , which Mr. Bush is n't expected to veto .
Yet , he asserts , `` you look around ... and you say , ` Who are the leaders ?
Net loss : $ 46.5 million ; 30 cents a share
Metro Bank
That spurs competition and growth , allows users to change and mix brands easily , and increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer .
In addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing .
Sen. Mitchell urged them to desist .
The provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring .
`` It 's hard to see how an investment by the largest { cable operator } in the weaker of the two networks is anti-competitive , when the stronger of the two networks is owned by the second largest '' cable operator , Mr. Kern said .
This is an index fund with a bet .
`` The primary overriding thing is that people are frightened , '' says Martin Sass , a New York money manager .
With nearly 4,000 machines in use , there have been no salmonella problems as long as instructions were followed , Mr. Maynard boasts .
They are useful to call public attention to grievances , but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute .
Even giant Samsung Group is rumored in the Korean press to be considering getting into the auto-making business ; a company spokesman had no comment .
Using the new technique developed by Cetus Corp. , called the polymerase chain reaction , the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of DNA that ordinarily contains the hemoglobin gene , providing enough copies to test .
While he packed the Senate gallery with his supporters during some of the impeachment trial , most civil rights groups kept their distance from his case .
With the market overbuilt , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks .
The approval satisfies the remaining conditions of the purchase , which is expected to close within two weeks .
But Goodyear said total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2 % .
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . ''
Mr. Courter is further hobbled by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers .
The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding .
Sun Co. also reported higher earnings .
`` We believe that every drug that 's marketed to a consumer should have a consumer label , '' said Douglas Teich of the Public Citizen Health Research Group , a Ralph Nader affiliate .
At noon Friday , a senior White House official advised Richard Rahn , the Chamber 's chief economist , that the White House would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the Senate .
The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent for the sale .
In a cross-border transaction , the buyer is in a different region of the globe from the target .
Exports declined for the second consecutive month in August , slipping 0.2 % to $ 30.41 billion , the Commerce Department reported .
A Scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago and now his demonic ghost haunts it , Mr. Warren says .
The most immediate effect is in New York , where former manufacturers of the anti-miscarriage drug DES -- the synthetic female hormone diethylstilbestrol -- face the prospect of shared liability for damages in many of the 700 to 1,000 DES lawsuits pending in that state .
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied .
Exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record .
Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts but who were n't part of the negotiations between Sony and the duo .
The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control .
Yesterday , PaineWebber declined comment .
Xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on Mr. Gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . ''
The company has n't been able to come up with a reorganization plan , in part , because of the sizable disagreement with the pension agency .
$ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd .
But three out of four managers ca n't accurately state the value of their own packages , consultant Noble Lowndes says .
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987 , it appealed to a more multinational audience .
That acquisition could further dilute earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said .
The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Planning Committee , known as Gosplan , and the State Committee for Material Supply , or Gossnab .
Federal investigators have identified the problem in last July 's crash of a United Airlines flight in Iowa : a structural flaw that developed during the making of a titanium engine disk .
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland .
Warnaco also owns Warners , another major intimate apparel maker .
Oppenheimer Capital has about 7.9 million limited partnership units outstanding .
Indeed , the competition is n't greatly concerned .
The firm did the trade in seconds on the London stock exchange 's SEAQ automated-quotation system .
Much depends on the opposition , a loose group of regional and ideological parties led by former Gandhi cabinet minister Vishwanath Pratap Singh .
`` On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . ''
Oil-related properties suffered a huge decline until I divested myself of all such stocks in 1985 , at which point the industry , while not lighting up any Christmas trees , began a slow recovery .
`` These loans are more of a focus than lesser-developed-country debt now , '' said William Bee , senior block trader at Prudential-Bache Securities .
Cross & Trecker is also selling its equity interest in a Japanese joint venture , Murata Warner Swasey , to Murata Machinery .
They use 60 % more fertilizer per acre , twice the high-grade feed .
Earlier , American Medical said it had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company .
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset can only be 15.5 % .
BRIEFS :
In contrast to the more artistic nature of traditional cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G are the habitats of organization men in gray-flannel suits .
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy .
The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual .
The plastic lens wraps itself over the cornea , absorbing eye moisture while permitting oxygen to pass through .
At least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. , Canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator .
Some may be tempted to argue that the idea of a strategic review merely resurrects the infamous Zero-Based Budgeting ( ZBB ) concept of the Carter administration .
The reason : Items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as fragmented as today 's .
We are determined to get good prices . ''
Moreover , ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level .
Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment .
Bond prices crept higher .
Chevrolet already has cash incentives on the 1989 models of these vehicles .
Farmers lay down before the bulldozers .
Stock funds , like the market as a whole , generally dropped more than 2 % in the week through last Thursday , according to figures compiled by Lipper Analytical Services Inc .
And she said , ` Hello . '
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw 's .
He was superb .
Regie Nationale des Usines Renault , the French auto maker , has a concept car called the Megane .
Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract .
He suggests , for example , that investors may have assumed that just because UAL could n't get financing , no leveraged buy-outs can get financing .
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % bonds due 2009 fell one point .
But the staffs at some of those locations will be slashed while at others the work force will be increased .
Stock prices rallied in active trading .
They pile out of their truck and furiously begin twisting together steel pipes linking a giant storage tank to the Sharpshooter , a freshly drilled oil well two miles deep .
British politicians divide into two groups of chickens , those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling .
No strikeout , but certainly no home run .
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted .
In the bidding war for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , United Illuminating Co. raised its proposed offer to one it valued at $ 2.29 billion from $ 2.19 billion , apparently topping all other bidders .
NEC forecast sales for the year ending next March 31 of 2.74 trillion yen , an increase of 27 % from the previous fiscal year .
Americans are drinking less , but young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits .
`` We would be the first to admit that we have not devoted the necessary amount of emphasis over the past several years '' to developing examinations for discrimination , said Jonathan Fiechter , a top official of the Office of Thrift Supervision .
Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of racism , teen pregnancy or lack of parental support or guidance .
Rochester Community Savings Bank --
Major Battle himself speaks in pure Pentagonese : `` Without further monetary-stroke-military aid , scores of Ambiguan freedom lovers , who had gone way out on their life and limbs for us , were literally cut off at the knees without a paddle . ''
Revenue fell 12.7 % to $ 596.8 million from $ 684 million , although some of the decline was caused by discontinued operations .
That finding , the report says , casts doubt on the record industry 's contention that the new generation of digital recording equipment will inevitably lead to wholesale abuse of copyrighted material by home tapers .
The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue .
For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago .
`` There was a seething mass of people , '' said one floor trader .
In any event , some people familiar with the case question whether the court will act by January as forecast by Mr. Lorenzo and Mr. Bakes .
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country .
Hess 's earnings were up despite a $ 30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company 's refinery at St. Croix .
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc .
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties . ''
During the summer , Wang executives had said they might seek outside investment .
`` If the earnings acceleration is to take place , that should be the quarter .
Control Data Corp. said it licensed its airline yield-management software to the International Air Transport Association .
What 's so discouraging is ... ''
About 80 % of Brazil 's voters are believed to live near the poverty level .
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Term bonds due 2010 are 7.10 % securities priced at par .
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy .
The vote of 345-47 sent the measure to the Senate .
`` We know there are potholes for the city out there , '' says Mr. Paterson , Mr. Dinkins 's former law partner .
`` I do n't see this as a bear market at all .
Odds and Ends
Extraordinary general meetings , to be held Nov. 28 , will decide the share exchange ratio .
Some apply it to gouty joints .
Ocean Drilling & Research dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 following news of a restructuring plan that calls for the company to reorganize its drilling business into a separate company and offer a 15 % to 20 % stake to the public .
It 's almost impossible to track the number of companies trashing junk mail , since the decision is usually made in the mail room -- not the board room .
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point lower , while most junk bonds ended unchanged .
The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills .
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts .
High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high .
Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . ''
But the implications of such a shift to market approaches go well beyond the fact that Poland is already working on nationwide emissions trades to reduce smelter pollution , or that the Soviets plan to introduce marketable pollution permits in some republics next year .
`` In terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said Eric Premner , president for broadcasting of King Broadcasting Co. , which owns the NBC affiliate in Seattle , Wash .
Sanford Kane , U.S. Memories president , said the decision was `` disappointing , '' but does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure .
In theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same .
Company expects to be fully operational by next week .
Faced with another Mr. Honecker , so many despairing East Germans are likely to flee that the two German peoples will get their reunification , de facto , on West German ground .
`` Batman '' alone has racked up more than $ 247 million in box-office receipts to date , making it Warner Bros . ' largest grossing film ever .
The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . ( net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad ) , some exports by professional firms ( a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine ) , and improved data from travel and tourism .
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply .
Chairman and CEO Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. Owings Mills , Md .
But when the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead , bonds drifted lower .
And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer .
An Air Inter spokesman said , `` Because they { the EC } have doubts , we will work again on the text and the contents of the accord .
Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 .
Commercial gene-splicing was born .
The articles were largely based on interviews Ms. Malcolm had taped with Jeffrey Masson , a psychoanalyst who had served as projects director of the Freud Archives .
Coors , with its large beer-distribution network , could penetrate more markets .
Tidewater Inc. -- 4,631,400 common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc .
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders .
The GOP doubters were in Congress .
Today , Mr. Corry presides over a company whose fortunes have changed abruptly .
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened .
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them .
MACPOST :
Polaroid Corp. 's patent-infringement damages case against Eastman Kodak Co. , one of the highest stakes corporate trials ever , is getting scant attention on Wall Street .
However , people familiar with the buy-out group said Mr. Pope 's departure would weaken the airline 's management at a critical time .
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings .
`` Developments like this are hard to predict .
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker ( which is micro-liquidity for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed .
A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because `` Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent { for buyer and seller } , not as a bank .
While Mr. Roman is a workaholic detailsman , Mr. Phillips would rather delegate , leaving him time for his interests outside the office .
The average maturity of the taxable funds that Donoghue 's follows increased by two days in the latest week to 40 days , its longest since August .
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total .
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come .
Japanese machinery makers received orders totaling 1.465 trillion yen ( $ 10.33 billion ) in August , up 14 % from a year earlier , the Economic Planning Agency said .
The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots .
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months .
Infrared motion detectors and closed-circuit TV cameras monitor the entire center ; lighting levels are three to five times the industry standard .
The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all .
Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , `` It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . ''
Net fell to $ 65 million , or 67 cents a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago .
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates , conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps .
This week , a Baltimore Sun editorial said the Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce 's testimony for the moment and call some other witnesses : the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects .
The understatement of growth is due largely to the conservative expedients adopted to deal with deficiencies in basic economic data .
My universe has changed .
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change .
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster .
The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons .
Motorola is in good company .
Well , CBS , mired in the ratings cellar and looking to sports as a way out , wanted to close the deal immediately and block its rivals from getting another chance to bid .
In the third quarter , AMR said , net fell to $ 137 million , or $ 2.16 a share , from $ 150.3 million , or $ 2.50 a share .
Surviving scandal has become a rite of political passage at a time when a glut of scandal has blunted this town 's sensibility .
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place .
`` I thought it was in the upper deck , '' said Bobby Thomson , now 66 years old .
Instead , the creditors say , the loan fell victim to nervousness about China 's political turmoil , as well as to concern about the loan 's security .
GAF , Part III is scheduled to begin today .
General Motors Corp. has signaled that as many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s as it struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity .
These are the raw materials used in making plastics .
There were two general reasons for the mistaken monetary policy of the past 30 years :
Other companies , including International Business Machines Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. , completely idled their operations because of Tuesday evening 's temblor , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale .
The Short Term Bond Fund , with an average maturity of 2 1\/2 years , would deliver a total return for one year of about 10.6 % if rates drop one percentage point and a one-year return of about 6.6 % if rates rise by the same amount .
Bankers worry that if the government makes good a threat to withdraw its guarantee commitments , shippers will counter with a hail of lawsuits .
John Uphoff , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates , said the results were n't surprising , and attributed the buy-back to management 's confidence in the Mirage 's ability to generate strong cash flow in 1990 .
Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly , some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio .
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .
As factors contributing to the temporary slowdown , he cited one-time rate reductions prescribed by California regulators as a prelude to a new framework that removes profit constraints .
A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown SF when the quake hit .
The owners , William and Margie Hammack , are luckier than many others .
That culture , carefully crafted by Mr. Smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions .
John Franco , 47 years old , formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group , was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company , effective Dec. 1 , succeeding Robert T. Shaw , who remains chairman .
After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . ''
The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. and a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets .
She adds that some technological advances trail those in the U.S. because the Japanese still import basic operating systems from American companies .
It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment .
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products .
`` It just makes it a little rough when you have to worry about the budget . ''
March 24 , 1986 :
Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines .
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 .
Paul Rheingold , a New York lawyer who represents DES victims , said that before the New York ruling , only the states of Washington and Wisconsin had followed the California decision .
There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles .
The ad is part of Classic Coke 's 1990 ad campaign , with the tag line , `` Ca n't beat the Real Thing . ''
\*\* With dividends reinvested
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets .
Loral Corp. said fiscal second-quarter net income was $ 19.8 million , or 79 cents a share , compared with year-earlier earnings from continuing operations of $ 15.6 million , or 62 cents a share .
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees .
That includes all the gas consumed in Ontario and Quebec , along with the bulk of Canadian gas exports to the
Mr. Lawson 's speech , delivered at the Lord Mayor of London 's annual dinner at Mansion House , came on the heels of a grueling period for the U.K. economy .
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property .
Fees 1 1\/4 .
I.C.H. also named Steven B. Bing , 42 , senior vice president since 1986 , as president , succeeding John W. Gardiner , who will join the HMS Acquisition Corp. division of Hicks , Muse & Co. , which has agreed to buy most of I.C.H. 's Denver-based subsidiaries .
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . ''
National Geographic , the sixth-largest U.S. magazine , is attracting more readers than ever and offers the glossy , high-toned pages that upscale advertisers love .
Already , the 1982 legislation has saved an estimated $ 800 million .
Nokia said it will gain control over NKF Kabel by buying 51 % of the shares in NKF Holding N.V. , which owns NKF Kabel .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
In 1987 , it sold a 2.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to the Swedish national oil company , resulting in a $ 7 million after-tax gain .
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
`` Campeau has too much debt . ''
More carefully targeted intervention might actually reduce the need for government action .
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc .
Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer .
`` Landfill -- loose and unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock but it behaves like liquid when you shake it , '' said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview .
As usual , estimates on the fickle report are wide , running from a drop of 3.5 % to a gain of 1.6 % .
( Think what these numbers mean -- considering the headline space devoted to hundreds of deaths in Lebanon , a small country of little strategic importance ! )
Stock-market fears and relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets up $ 6.07 billion in the latest week , the sharpest increase in almost two years .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
`` They shot the whole orchestra just because the piano player hit a bad note , '' said Laszlo Birinyi , president of Birinyi Associates Inc. , referring to the stock market 's plunge Friday on news of trouble in financing the UAL Corp . buy-out .
Mr. Merksamer is leading the buy-out .
Randolph W. McElroy , a vice chairman of this bank-holding company , was named to the additional position of chairman of its principal unit , Sovran Bank .
Tangible capital will be about $ 115 million .
In other action yesterday , the high court :
At a meeting with analysts , British Petroleum officials dispelled speculation that the company may take over a U.S. oil company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .
John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , was named a managing director at this investment-banking company .
On the week , UAL was down nearly 40 % .
To more than replace the wood from two English oaks used for paneling at Paul Stuart , however , Mr. McDonough and friends planted 1,000 acorns around the country .
But this biennial event , the world 's largest display of cars and trucks , has its serious side , including the first major exhibitions of future engines and vehicle-suspension systems .
The other two portions of the deal are remarketings of outstanding debt rather than new issues .
Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale to investors of junk bonds , which offer less security and typically carry higher yields than bank loans .
Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering for $ 7.50 an hour to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort ... .
Calgene , an agricultural biotechnology concern , said initial work will concentrate on a proprietary strain of Bacillus subtilis which has shown promise for controlling aflatoxin .
That they retain Korean citizenship and ties is a reflection of history -- their parents were shipped in as laborers during the decades when Japan occupied Korea before World War II -- and the discrimination that still faces Koreans in Japanese society .
Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 .
The Italian auto maker confirmed that it was discussing technical cooperation with Saab , but declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy Saab 's car division .
In January 1988 , the utility filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits .
The nation 's holdings of foreign currencies increased $ 5.67 billion in September to $ 39.08 billion , while its gold reserves were virtually unchanged at $ 11.07 billion .
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter .
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 \*
The average yield on small-denomination three-month CDs moved up two-hundredths of a percentage point in the latest week to 7.85 % .
Prudential currently is seeking approval to offer a new fund offering a return equal to the S&P 500 index plus 5\/100 of a percentage point .
The first five leased units were to be delivered in 1991 .
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 .
`` I think it 's more an issue of style .
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % .
The aftershocks of the highway tragedy are reverberating in Los Angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994 .
To guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized , Mexico needs a pluri-party political system that will ensure democracy and hence accountability .
For starters , some people call Ed and Lorraine Warren .
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls .
Zurn Industries Inc. said it received approval to proceed on four separate projects with a total contract value of $ 59 million .
f - As of Wednesday 's close .
During his years in Chiriqui , however , Mr. Noriega also revealed himself as an officer as perverse as he was ingenious .
CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow .
George Bush 's continued support of the tax dam sustains this strategy of pressuring Congress to make choices among competing priorities , rather than just saying yes to all the grateful special-interest constituencies that fill the PAC trough .
In 1900 , for instance , less than 8 % of assets went into bank deposits .
Clients include Miller Brewing Co. and General Motors .
But it 's generally accepted that sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values .
Mr. Gras said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles .
`` A lot of this is going to be code-related , '' says Ignazio J. Ruvolo , a construction law specialist at Bronson , Bronson & McKinnon , a San Francisco law firm .
`` It means we 're eating into the bread that keeps us going .
The sole A not to homer was cleanup hitter Mark McGwire , their regular-season leader with 33 , and he contributed five hits plus a diving fielding play on a ground ball in Game Three that stopped a Giant rally while the issue still was in doubt .
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock .
In the herbal lounge she specified a `` plaid knot garden '' decor .
Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown , the fourth against activists in recent days .
At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul .
In fact , the two men have had strikingly similar career paths , both having served as chief of internal security before their rise to the top party position .
The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' First Fidelity said .
Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center .
In the the latest quarter , thanks in part to `` Batman , '' Guber Peters earned $ 5.8 million , or 50 cents a share , compared to a loss of $ 6.8 million , or 62 cents a share , in last year 's quarter .
The company has declined requests to discuss the changes , but Mr. Weekes has said that Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team .
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % convertible pay-in-kind securities maturing in 2009 closed 1\/2 higher at 86 1\/2 after trading as low as 85 1\/4 .
`` The Arizona real estate market continues to be depressed , and there is still uncertainty as to when values will recover , '' James P. Simmons , chairman , said .
Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month .
Another described how tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers .
But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million and may soon face a cash crunch .
Production is slated to begin in April .
Last week , the surprise resignation of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent the British pound into a tailspin .
`` He does n't have any honeymoon period , '' says a Western diplomat based in East Berlin .
Its developer is a Polish American , Sasha Muniak .
With an untrained local labor pool , many experts believe , that policy could drive businesses from the city .
In the $ 300-a-share buyout , that totaled about $ 76.7 million .
But , I have to tell you that it seems to me that the conceptual base of the current program is flawed and the program is not likely to work .
From the history of capitalism we can take it as a sound bet that if it takes only 43 cents to buy a dollar 's worth of a firm 's capital stock , an alert entrepreneur wo n't look the other way .
There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing .
As previously reported , Helionetics emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection in February .
But while better-off Filipinos are quick to cite the logic in using a language as widespread as English , they are often slow to reveal that they are prejudiced against Filipino , say advocates of the native language .
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street .
It 's unclear what role , if any , Mr. Lorenzo 's recent exploration of a possible sale of a stake in Continental had in Mr. Corr 's departure .
Rally 's Inc. said it adopted a shareholders rights plan to protect shareholders from an inadequately priced takeover offer .
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake .
Most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated .
WHICH IS the best medicine for runaway health costs : competition or regulation ?
Activists fear that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode , or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet , fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere .
It was in Jaguar 's best interests `` for the company 's future to be assured and the present climate of uncertainty resolved as quickly as possible , '' Mr. Ridley said .
The product is the first from a European company based on Intel Corp. 's new 32-bit 486tm microprocessor , which works several times faster than previously available chips .
RJR 's 14.70 % bonds due 2007 fell 2 1\/2 points .
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume .
Kansas Power said Mr. Black , 61 , chose early retirement .
Great Northern 's stock soared $ 20.125 , to $ 62.875 , on speculation that a higher bid would emerge .
In an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty .
If deals take longer to complete and there are fewer of them to do , `` you ca n't bill the same kind of premium as when deals took a few weeks from start to finish , '' says one lawyer at a large New York firm .
Its antihero , Said Mahran , is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing .
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading .
University professors and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for `` alternative energy . ''
When the earthquake rocked northern California last week , Aetna senior claims executives from the San Francisco area were at the company 's Hartford , Conn. , headquarters for additional training on how to handle major catastrophes , including earthquakes .
Sales declined 3 % to $ 524.5 million from $ 539.4 million .
Bikers -- many of them ardent environmentalists -- proclaim their sport an efficient , safe , fitness-promoting way to get back to nature , while asserting a right , as taxpayers , to pedal on public lands .
As the trial progressed , they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them .
Nonetheless , speculation heated up yesterday when Tokyu Department Store Co. confirmed a report in Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading business daily , that Tokyu is talking with Campeau about buying Bloomingdale 's .
The Dutch utility firm serves the Amsterdam and Utrecht areas .
Most energy futures opened lower , following Wednesday 's market downturn .
In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner .
In addition , White House aides think that there are numerous other important measures Democrats badly wanted passed -- such as the scaling back of a controversial catastrophic health-care plan for the elderly -- that might provide the president leverage in cutting deals with Democrats .
Sales rose 8.2 % to $ 848.7 million from $ 784.5 million .
And while Sotheby 's chief rivals in the art world , private art dealers , `` wo n't be happy to hear it , '' she adds , `` a number of { the artworks } have already been sold , and at a substantial profit . ''
Last month , Mr. Morishita 's new gallery , Aska International Ltd. , purchased 6.4 % of Christies for # 33 million ( $ 53.3 million ) .
Five million shares will be offered in the U.S. , and 3.4 million additional shares will be offered in concurrent international offerings outside the U.S. .
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price .
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment .
`` But , '' he added , `` we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years . ''
Shareholders must approve the merger at general meetings of the two companies in late November .
What is driving Dentsu 's international expansion largely is the need to keep up with its Japanese clients as they grow in the U.S. and Europe .
For the nine months , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' net fell 31 % to $ 65 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 93.8 million , or 63 cents a share .
Mr. Rey says the move is yet another example of his conservatism .
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers .
Options give a holder the right , but not the obligation , to buy or sell a security at a set price within a set period of time .
It argues , as does Unice , that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level .
Sears officials insist they do n't intend to abandon the everyday pricing approach in the face of the poor results .
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination .
That would increase Prospect 's ownership of the company 's fully-diluted shares outstanding to 20 % from 14.1 % .
Pioneer Electronic and Sony , both of which dominated buying earlier this month , continued to fall Wednesday .
Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ?
Mr. West cites the Federal Communications Commission and its standards for telecommunications equipment : `` They monitor product quality and prevent junk from flooding the market . ''
`` If anything , we 're going to see defaults increase because credit ratings have declined , '' says Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management .
John Wetherell , a Lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985 .
Though President Bush 's political critics at home have been urging him to open a more direct dialogue with Mr. Gorbachev , it actually was the arguments of leaders within the Soviet bloc itself that led the president to seek the December meeting .
The implication that if a congressman calls about a project in his district there 's something wrong , I think is most unfortunate . ''
I believe the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect , '' he said .
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise .
( At Harvard , Ms. Bartlett had declared : `` There are going to be problems with safety ...
The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals .
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $ 1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units , partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems .
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
`` Indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , '' says Seth M. Lynn , president of Axe Core Investors Inc. , an indexer based in Tarrytown , N.Y .
Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks , which the premier 's Likud bloc opposes .
Opponents of the project had claimed that the city and the state of New York , which are co-sponsoring the project , had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines .
By buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 50 % , which they can pass on to customers .
Peter Laird , a Los Angeles lawyer for Ms. Midler , said , `` We believe that the verdict reaffirms her position and our position that advertisers and advertising agencies can not with impunity imitate the voices of well-known performers .
U.S. GNP rose at an annual rate of 2.5 % in the third quarter .
A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another .
Eagle 's management retired and Biny 's management took control of the company .
SMALL TALK :
Total value of the contract could be $ 100 million , Helionetics said , and work on the project would be about evenly divided .
As Mr. Dougherty says , `` The last thing they need is enormous disruption at the top ... and Graham is obviously a long-term member of the Ogilvy Mafia , as we call it . ''
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow .
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .
`` The buyers who work for the various Campeau chains may lose their jobs .
Among other things , the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications .
Denise McDonald , a spokeswoman for MADD , says , `` It 's scary , because anybody could do this . ''
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market .
Eagle also said it received a commitment for as much as $ 8 million in financing from Norfolk Capital Group Inc .
The market rebound Monday followed weekend assurances from Mr. Darman that the administration has other plans to win the cut , which is alive and well .
USA Today reported that the Rales brothers , Washington , D.C.-based investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire Interco last year , have bought nearly 3 % of Mead 's common shares .
`` It 's a no-brainer : You do n't have to worry about diversification ; you do n't have to worry about quality , '' says Steven J. Hueglin , executive vice president of the New York bond firm of Gabriele , Hueglin & Cashman Inc .
Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 .
Compaq Computer gained 2 1\/8 to 103 3\/4 on two million shares , reflecting market optimism about the prospects for its newly introduced notebook-sized computer .
`` Pieces of Candlestick , '' they said .
They accounted for a hefty 16 % of New York Stock Exchange volume Monday , the fourth busiest session ever .
But the transaction is just Mr. Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America .
He was executive vice president , director of broadcast production .
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts .
First , economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do .
Now incorporated into a polypropylene rake , the four-inch prongs , or `` wonderbars , '' also are supposed to aid in picking up leaves .
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 .
But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said `` the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future . ''
The 1987 highway bill permitted states to raise the speed limit to 65 mph from 55 mph on interstate roads , which are defined as highways that pass through areas with fewer than 50,000 people .
Surely not to people with epilepsy who depend on the same levels of medication in their bloodstream daily to maintain seizure control .
The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk .
Along with the exodus of shopping opportunities is an exodus of the jobs that the major chains used to provide to community residents .
Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month .
A spokesman for the Chinese Embassy here said that the Beijing government has taken `` many effective measures '' to stop the mushroom contamination and is further investigating the underlying causes .
Judge Keenan also directed the prosecutors to show that Mrs. Marcos 's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination wo n't be violated .
Utility operations , the only company unit operating in the black in the latest period , had a 26 % drop in profit , to $ 86.3 million , largely as a result of outages at the company 's huge Palo Verde nuclear facility and the cost of purchased replacement power .
`` It sounded like something out of Ian Fleming , '' Mr. Engelken recalls .
`` Under any circumstances , Saudi Arabia should get more '' rather than less , Mr. Nazer said .
Despite the current outcry over stock market volatility , few people expect stock futures to disappear .
And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high .
Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million .
Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive .
The electronics industry is closely following the Dellums bill .
But Mr. Tisch expects losses in all four years of the contract , he told U.S. senators last June .
But attendance is down from previous years .
Farmers was quick yesterday to point out the many negative aspects it sees in having Axa as its parent .
UAL finally opened for trading at 10:08 a.m. at 150 , down $ 28 .
Be the Star
The Qintex group 's problems began in earnest in March , when Mr. Skase agreed to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co .
Senate Republicans , after repeatedly failing to attach death-penalty amendments to unrelated legislation , have finally gotten a full-blown death-penalty bill through committee .
Israeli counterterrorism officials provided the State Department with a 20-page list of recent terrorist incidents they attribute directly to forces controlled by PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat .
Solidarity wants it from the West .
Baker offered to review Israel 's `` suggested changes '' to his proposal for direct Israeli-Palestinian talks .
To encourage more competition among exporting countries , the U.S. is proposing that export subsidies , including tax incentives for exporters , be phased out in five years .
No one in the Senate is considering the capital-gains plan passed by the House .
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons .
Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks .
Most of the country 's 20,000 judges and judicial employees joined the work stoppage .
Yet the group 's limited resources makes it a niche player .
The unit will be renamed Comair Aviation Academy and will continue to be headed by Scott Williams , a son of its founder , Comair said .
Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income .
The prices of the individual stocks that make up the average were correct , Quotron said , but the average was wrong .
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress ( I ) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition .
Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies , which rose early in the week , saw their advance weaken yesterday .
The next to be cloned , human insulin , had market potential and Genentech licensed it to Eli Lilly , which produced 80 % of the insulin used by 1.5 million U.S. diabetics .
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower .
For one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed .
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others .
Robert J. McManus
As a result , he took the lead in arguing that the cut should be blocked on procedural grounds .
I have accomplished too much .
JAPAN 'S MISUSE of U.S. patents has been a sore point for American chip makers .
The U.S. wants a higher won to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus .
Mr. Skase also disclosed a disagreement among directors of Qintex Australia over certain fees claimed by Qintex Group Management Services Pty. , a management-services concern in which Qintex Australia executives have an interest .
The market for electrochemicals include the paper , water-purification and textile industries .
Ms. Foster 's indulgence is nothing like the oily , hour-long rubfests enjoyed by spa visitors .
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters .
Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go `` back to the nature . ''
`` I was flabbergasted , '' Tatsuhara Yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by Kyodo news service as saying .
In that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal .
These include office and residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , and Helmsley Hotels .
`` The movies , the books , the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff , '' says Paul Kurtz , a philosophy professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo , who heads the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal .
The city 's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling .
He blames imports .
Fannie Mae , a federally chartered , shareholder-owned corporation , operates a secondary market for mortgage loans , buying loans from lenders , packaging some into securities for sale to investors and keeping the rest in its portfolio .
Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes .
He said the rising volume of passenger traffic on this route justifies a major investment in new high-standard Moscow hotels .
Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions .
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects .
At a recent trade show , convention-goers lined up to view a new Specialized bike frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds -- a pound less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on the market .
For car marketers , it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from defecting to one of the new makes on the block .
He did not say what effect , if any , the $ 500,000 fine would have on the company 's earnings .
Pioneer surged 450 yen ( $ 3.16 ) to 6,050 yen ( $ 42.60 ) .
France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out .
Like the Roman Catholic Church , the Polish peasant is a pillar of the nation .
Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers .
Though Ms. Volokh is a small woman , she has an outsized personality and dramatic flair that seem perfectly suited to capitalism as it is practiced in Hollywood .
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % .
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal .
G. William Ryan , president of Post-Newsweek Stations , was named chief executive officer of the unit of this media company , effective Jan. 1 .
Analysts say that the selling of cyclical stocks yesterday will be followed by a sell-off in shares of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets .
Mr. Karalis , 51 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the 110-lawyer firm .
Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments on the reset notes on Dec. 15 , and a company spokesman said it fully intends to meet the payments .
Meanwhile , tax revenues are falling while the city 's spending needs are expanding .
The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived .
The judge said that if the FBI 's proposed schedule was followed in releasing the documents , `` a delay of over one year will have occurred and plaintiff will have served approximately two-thirds of his 3 1\/2-year minimum sentence by the time he receives the files . ''
It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level .
Witnesses often must travel long distances to give face-to-face depositions before lawyers and court reporters .
The convenience-food company said it sold the bakeries to Mills Family Bakery for an undisclosed amount .
Meanwhile , the New Environmentalists systematically opposed the methods of the Old Environmentalists .
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either .
The Tokyo Stock Price Index ( Topix ) of all issues listed in the First Section , which gained 22.78 points Thursday , was up 14.06 points , or 0.53 % , at 2679.72 .
However , Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports .
`` Fund managers do n't like to have rights issues that do n't have an obvious reason .
They are buying an operation that is running well . ''
He did n't say what the company expected to report for year-earlier sales , which will be restated from the previously reported $ 603 million .
In the six months ended Sept. 30 , pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million ( $ 330.1 million ) from # 185.5 million a year ago .
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 .
The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for or against Mr. Gandhi and his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity .
`` If USAir is worth 80 as a takeover and the stock went to 52 , the market was saying Steinhardt 's presence was n't worth anything , in terms of getting a deal done , '' says a veteran takeover speculator .
Meanwhile , Lockheed Corp. priced a $ 300 million note offering to yield 9.39 % .
In affidavits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in connection with the $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit Warner brought against Sony for hiring the two producers , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story .
Though a re-enactment may have the flavor , Hollywood on the Hudson it is n't .
Bond prices were barely higher .
Mobil Corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , say individuals familiar with the company 's strategy .
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .
Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 .
`` The proposal , while well-intended , I think can be dangerously misleading because the likely consequence would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the SEC has exercised for 50 years over the financial adequacy and viability of broker-dealers , '' Michael Raoul-Duval , managing director of First Boston , said in an interview .
The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co .
But in the harsh world of today 's Wall Street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less scrupulous successors .
It said its real-estate operations earned a record $ 21.7 million , more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $ 9 million .
In February 1988 , for example , Merrill Lynch 's weekly commentary announced that `` the economy is likely to fall into recession in early 1989 . ''
Non-interest income fell slightly to $ 191.9 million from $ 193.3 million , while Wells Fargo continued to rigorously control non-interest expense , which was almost flat at $ 393.4 million .
Butch McCarty , who sells oil-field equipment for Davis Tool Co. , is also busy .
Some of the allegations are simply bizarre .
Gannett has 161 million shares outstanding .
Mr. Belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time .
It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive .
Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , seeds and speciality chemicals .
`` In the year 2000 it will be one car per family .
Intervention , he added , is useful only to smooth disorderly markets , not to fundamentally influence the dollar 's value .
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday .
You make a forecast , and then you become its prisoner . ''
In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev .
`` North , '' the document went on , referring to Oliver North , `` has told Noriega 's representative that U.S. law forbade such actions .
Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects .
The practice is , however , legal in most cases .
His successor approved the $ 1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk .
The company 's Excalibur will also appeal to families , of course .
Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business and an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million .
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink .
Finally , with Maxwell Communication , the company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. , a Quebec City pulp and paper concern .
Because of the size of the California market , few relocation specialists expect a widespread corporate flight in the quake 's aftermath .
`` He is cornered , '' says the Rev. Fernando Guardia , who has led Catholic Church opposition against Noriega .
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake .
For instance , the most popular index option is the S&P 100 option , commonly called the OEX .
The rapid advance of the 52-year-old executive surprised many at the company .
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .
The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements .
The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America , a trade group based in Washington , D.C. , is that record companies , performers , songwriters and music publishers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties lost to home taping .
Its bid : one yen , or less than a U.S. penny .
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire .
Chip 's Memory Is Here Today , Here Tomorrow
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend .
One person familiar with Texas billionaire Robert Bass said he is n't likely to make any hostile moves .
`` For there to be wind in the sails of any program , the chief executive has to be blowing in the sails , '' says Rep. Burton .
But board members say he took so long to decide how to vote that by the time he decided , it was too late to try to draw other members to his position .
But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations .
The Dow industrials shot up 23 points in the opening hour , at least in part because of buy programs generated by stock-index arbitrage , a form of program trading involving futures contracts .
The cuts will be made half within Germany and half abroad .
The offering , Series 1989-89 , backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities , brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 33.2 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 45.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 .
Shareholders of International Proteins , a food and agriproducts company , will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month .
The proposed legislation is aimed at rectifying some of the inequities in the current land-ownership system .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered .
Textron said that nine-months ' results do n't include earnings of Avdel PLC , a British maker of industrial fasteners , but do include interest costs of $ 16.4 million on borrowings related to the proposed purchase of Avdel .
Two cans cost 89 cents during the drought .
He takes over a school system in the midst of radical reform .
Smaller-stock earnings , by comparison , rose between 15 % and 20 % .
The entire opera is her dream .
Sales of Cherokee , the best-selling Jeep , and the lower-volume Wagoneer were actually up about 10 % through the end of last month .
No phones .
Mr. Bandler puts traffic volume at 10 to 50 times normal .
Cracking the top 10 within three years will be difficult at best .
Mr. Weichern is scheduled for trial Jan. 3 before federal Judge Stephen Reasoner of Little Rock .
The Nestle acquisition includes a candy plant in Franklin Park , Ill. , which employs about 800 workers .
Revenue was about flat at $ 2.4 billion .
Housing Developers Try Brand-Name Buildings
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget .
The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo .
Although it has opened a New Zealand subsidiary , it is still only `` studying '' Japan , the only nation that has n't adopted IBM-oriented specifications .
This is Bobby Thomson . ''
But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of catastrophic-illness insurance .
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors ca n't afford to step aside .
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.42 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened 0.03 percentage point to 1.48 .
For the year , it had a net loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million .
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago .
`` Customized '' baskets of fewer stocks will also be available .
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse .
Fireman 's Fund had claims adjusters on the streets of San Francisco right after sunrise yesterday and was paying as many claims as it could right on the spot .
Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % to 153.93 billion yen .
But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % in September .
Creditors involved in the project contend , however , that the termination actually had nothing to do with these technical violations .
`` Nothing has changed fundamentally in the Tokyo market . ''
December palladium was off $ 1.55 an ounce at $ 137.20 .
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law .
Occupational-Urgent Care Health fell 1 3\/4 to 15 1\/2 on 354,000 shares .
The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest .
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them .
Mr. Deaver has reopened a public-relations business .
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells .
Offices with outside windows have inside windows , too , to let in more real daylight .
Several Wall Street officials say the proposed legislation already is having an impact .
International Technology Corp. and Davy McKee Corp. , a unit of London 's Davy Corp. , said they were awarded a $ 55 million contract by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the closure of the Helen Kramer Landfill Superfund site in Mantua Township , N.J .
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment .
In particular , many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents and opting for bourbon , the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside .
In August , by contrast , program trading averaged 10.3 % of daily Big Board turnover .
Chevron 's net income fell 0.7 % , to $ 417 million , or $ 1.22 a share , from $ 420 million , or $ 1.23 a share .
The plan calls for Cray Research holders to receive one share in the new company for every two shares held .
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said .
One obstacle to the pilots ' finding such a huge amount of cash is their insistence on majority ownership .
And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it .
They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good .
`` But they wanted to roll the dice and we 're going to let them , '' Mr. Hartt said .
`` But we had a fairly active day yesterday . ''
So instead of building more efficient modern plants , utilities stick scrubbers on the old plants .
Corporate lobbyist Charls Walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` competitiveness . ''
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data , video and voice communications .
In addition , Mrs. Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income .
Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans .
During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % .
It also means use of quantity-based pollution limits such as transferable permits , rather than price-based limits such as effluent fees .
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann .
It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come .
Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant .
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year .
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control , Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE .
`` If the futures markets have a problem , then those products could have a problem , '' says John Zumbrunn , managing director of Prudential Insurance Co. of America 's Investment Index Technologies Inc. unit .
The agreement is subject to completion of a definitive amendment and appropriate approvals .
Since the end of last year , junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including ultra-safe Treasury securities .
Pfizer said third-quarter sales increased 4 % to $ 1.44 billion from $ 1.38 billion .
But `` the check arrived in the mail , '' said Stephen Kidder , Massachusetts Commissioner of Revenue .
`` But it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff , '' Mr. Kessler says .
He hurt himself further this summer by bringing homosexual issues into the debate ; and by wavering on this issue and abortion , he has weakened his credibility in what is already a mean-spirited campaign on both sides .
Yesterday 's announcements helped spark a midday wave of program selling in the stock market .
The company had a tax credit of $ 1.4 million .
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts .
Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc .
ONEZIE :
An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday .
The high court 's action , refusing to hear appeals by several drug companies , is likely to have a significant impact at several levels .
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax .
We should also concede that in the British experience the monetarist cause regains some of the credibility it lost in the U.S. experience .
That was higher than the 7.71 % to 7.73 % average yield that traders had expected .
As the sponsor of the `` Older Americans Freedom to Work Act , '' which would repeal the Social Security earnings limit for people aged 65 and older , I applaud your strong endorsement to repeal this Depression-era fossil .
Claiborne shares closed yesterday at $ 25.125 , up 50 cents , in national over-the-counter trading .
Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 , building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions .
The remainder of the house leans precariously against a sturdy oak tree .
Indeed , many senior officials had been insisting for weeks that Mr. Bush was n't interested in such an informal get-together .
To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits .
Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million .
Until GAO 's recent audit , FHA books had not been subject to a complete external audit in 15 years .
Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night ( he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute ) .
In August , Asarco , through its Lac d'Amiante du Quebec subsidiary , sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in Canada for $ 11.7 million .
Most of that increase came in the first hour after the phone lines opened at 8 a.m .
On the hat side I was n't getting what I wanted . ''
The average six-month bill was sold with a yield of 8.04 % , up from 7.90 % .
In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it .
TCI said it may bring in other cable operators as investors , a practice it has employed in the past with investments in other cable networks , such as The Discovery Channel .
In his lifetime , 47 years , the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir .
Last month , the complaints intensified and the massages ended .
Judge Masaaki Yoneyama told the Osaka District Court Daikin 's `` responsibility is heavy because illegal exports lowered international trust in Japan . ''
Mr. Angelo was described in the filing as a consultant to Oasis .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
The shuttle is slated to return Monday to California .
Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks , but the Next computer does n't come with a device that reads them .
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 575 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , Series 1989 , 1989A and 1989B , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2009 .
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co .
A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the restroom ... .
Until it was closed Tuesday , it had provided the quickest series of exits for commuters from the Bay Bridge heading into the Financial District .
Bourbon exporters have succeeded in Japan where other industries have failed , avoiding cultural hitches in marketing and distribution by allying themselves with local agents .
Some economists found the mixture ominous .
Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals and non-member traders , and $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions and have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks .
`` You 've got to give these chairmen the opportunity to see if they can work things out , '' said House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta ( D. , Calif . ) .
Whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 35.4 million on sales of # 315.5 million in the year ended Feb. 25 .
The establishment of the separate company , to be called Courtaulds Textiles , could be effective as early as next year 's first quarter .
In California , this is the reality .
All this illustrates that Japanese ministries still have a `` provider '' mentality ; they do not serve the people , and particularly not consumers .
With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl .
`` He 's done this thing where he 'll buy a little bit of a company and then trade out of it .
`` I thought that Salinger might by being taken in another factual context come back to haunt us .
The noncallable issue is rated double-A-3 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P .
The State Department , to its credit , has already begun distancing itself from Mr. Barre , evinced by its decision to publish the Gersony report ( which the press has ignored ) .
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill , opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years .
When Nucor Corp. begins shipping steel from the world 's first thin-slab plant this month , it will begin testing the competitive mettle of its giant competitors .
Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million .
The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack , making them impassible .
With 65 % of its sales coming from mountain bikes , Specialized is widely considered to be a market leader .
THE YALE POLITICAL UNION does n't pay an honorarium to speakers .
For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion .
Nicaragua 's Ortega postponed until today a decision on whether to end a 19-month-old cease-fire in the conflict with the Contra rebels .
A company spokeswoman said the company had n't decided what measures to take , but did n't rule out legal action .
For the nine months , the San Jose , Calif.-based company said net income jumped 84 % to $ 26.9 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 14.6 million , or 43 cents a share .
Since stock market indexes plummeted last Friday , participants in all markets have been wary .
The fares are code-named Hugo , Compassion and Virgin Islands Aid .
The FCC plans to hear a day of testimony Nov. 16 on the plight of AM radio .
`` You have to go out to all your constituents , '' says James H. Giffen , who is spearheading the most ambitious attempt by U.S. firms to break into the Soviet market , involving investment of more than $ 5 billion in some two dozen joint ventures .
At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $ 6 billion , an amount never thought possible in India .
If MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel that would become Las Vegas 's biggest -- the investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion .
Prices for seats on the New York Stock Exchange are recovering a bit after hitting a four-year low earlier this month .
Why Mr. Jackson , who could n't be reached for comment , has made some of his checks available for sale is n't clear .
Sir John noted that GM , a longtime Jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . ''
They mimic the brain by `` looking '' at an image , extracting the fundamentals -- boundaries , corners and lines -- and translating them into computer data .
Canadian Pacific could n't be reached for comment , and MacMillan Bloedel said it has n't any plans to make a bid for Nekoosa .
He says he sold the stock to avoid conflict-of-interest problems in his role as a voting member of the city 's Board of Estimate .
`` Maybe Akzo can surprise the investment world a bit , '' said Jaap Visker , an analyst at Amsterdam-Rotterdam Bank NV .
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange .
Alfred Sikes , the new FCC chairman , championed deregulation of AT&T at his last job as head of a Commerce Department telecommunications agency .
PPG Industries Inc. , hurt by softness in the U.S. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 5.5 % to $ 106.7 million , or 97 cents a share , from $ 112.9 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago .
In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work .
Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG .
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins .
If , by that time , the network reaches 14 million homes , the contract will be renewed for five more years .
But yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests .
The three units contributed about a third of Emhart 's total sales .
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer .
UAL 's stock fell $ 6.25 , to $ 191.75 .
`` The emotional aspect is so draining , they needed a good workout . ''
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care .
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer .
The result , `` Poodle Springs '' ( Putnam 's , 288 pages , $ 18.95 ) is an entertaining , easy to read and fairly graceful extension of the Marlowe chronicle , full of hard-boiled wisecracks and California color .
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks .
Here , the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society .
For the quarter , earnings were $ 47 million , or 92 cents a share , including a one-time gain of $ 5.9 million .
Mr. Belli , who was at Candlestick Park for the World Series Tuesday night , says he has hired civil engineers to check out his own mildly damaged building and to investigate the bridge collapse .
Even with that power show , though , the Oakland Series ' star , certified by the Most Valuable Player award , was a pitcher , Dave Stewart .
AN EARTHQUAKE STRUCK Northern California , killing more than 50 people .
Mr. Cole said the sale of the 77-year Financial Times , which Southam has owned since 1961 , is consistent with Southam 's strategy of cutting costs to obtain maximum profits from its operations while disposing of `` chronically under-performing '' assets .
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 .
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was quoted at $ 368.24 an ounce .
What 's more , a flood of new products has given consumers a dizzying choice of brands , many of which are virtually carbon copies of one other .
The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead .
The stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues , but , unlike Monday 's rebound , was broadly based .
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world . ''
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5990 , up from $ 1.5920 late Wednesday .
Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact .
The regional Federal Reserve Bank setup , for instance , may be out of date .
He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild .
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday .
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 108 1\/4 to yield 3.846 % .
`` It does establish a very clear precedent for suing the FHLBB where there was none before . ''
Bausch & Lomb sold the softies under a sublicense from National Patent Development , which had gained the rights from the Czechoslovakia Academy of Sciences .
Also last spring , Rep. Ron Dellums ( D. , Calif. ) , introduced a bill requiring universal two-party consent to any tapings in cases that do n't involve law enforcement .
Her Pa ( Howard Duff ) is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word `` sin '' and glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room , and has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago .
The results show Sears is struggling to attract shoppers .
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson .
But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall .
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them .
In the 1988 quarter , the Phoenix , Ariz. , commercial banking concern earned $ 18.7 million .
The decision in Los Angeles federal court stems from a 1985 Mercury Sable TV ad that Young & Rubicam worked up for Ford Motor Co .
Banks , investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value to 50 % of their capital -- currently the proportion is 75 % .
In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show , but the West 's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away .
These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
As much as Republicans led the opposition , among the 53 Democrats voting against treating the payments as an entitlement , 42 came from the 13 states in the Old Dixiecrat South and its borders .
`` But the tunnel 's just gotten longer . ''
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.47 billion .
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group .
Analysts said the company 's troubles mirror those of the industry .
The Second Section index , which rose 15.72 points Thursday , was up 11.88 points , or 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 .
Oil and auto companies supported a move on Capitol Hill last week to gut Mr. Bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 .
The introductions also mark Texas Instruments ' plunge back into a technology it has all but ignored for the past several years .
Market participants hope today 's GNP report will offer more substantial evidence on U.S. economic growth , although analysts are quick to point out that the figures may overstate the economy 's vigor .
Give him an F for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity .
InterMedia Capital Corp. , Robin Cable Systems L.P. and Brenmor Cable Partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . ''
In fact , DLJ says , the company envisions capital expenses of about $ 180 million a year .
The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills on May 3 , 1990 .
Sanwa Shutter Corp. said its affiliated company in Malaysia , established this April , will begin manufacturing steel doors Wednesday .
Under the original buy-out approved by the UAL board Sept. 14 , UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions for a 75 % stake .
But stocks later recovered , erasing most of their early declines .
The play is filled with intrigue , dishonesty and injustice .
The independent-contractor project , which began in 1988 , involves about 350 IRS agents .
In effect , Holiday is asking holders for permission for Bass to buy their debt .
In the corporate bond market , traders said the new-issue market for junk bonds is likely to pick up following Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. 's $ 475 million junk bond offering Friday .
Mr. Cicero said that NBC Entertainment president Brandon Tartikoff , who declined to be interviewed , is `` looking at options now and may put some things into the schedule by mid-season . ''
`` That is consumer issues . ''
One bond trader estimated that more than $ 50 million of New York City general obligation bonds were put up for sale Friday alone .
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency .
The Orange Workers speak sincerely .
The bank holding company posted net income of $ 54.4 million , or 87 cents a share , including $ 1.7 million , or three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits .
Pressure from big institutional investors has been the major catalyst for Wall Street 's program-trading pullback .
We now know that the words were not always his own .
Companies that piled on debt in leveraged buy-outs during the past two years `` will continue to surface as business problems . ''
It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined .
In the SEC filing , the Kass-Pedone group said it intends to acquire additional H.H. Robertson shares `` with a view towards a possible change in control of the company . ''
Sun Microsystems Inc. said it 's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories and plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week .
MiniScribe has been on the rocks since it disclosed early this year that its earnings reports for 1988 were n't accurate .
That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work .
Exports during the period were $ 7.01 billion , 2.6 % below $ 7.20 billion a year ago .
All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill , and many Members say they 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die .
The equity arrangement apparently would allow bondholders to buy a total of 10 % of the stock of CNW Corp. , Chicago & North Western 's parent company .
Gov. George Deukmejian and key legislators agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake .
Elected to Congress as a `` Watergate baby '' in 1974 , he ran for governor three years later .
Mr. Carder also goes through periods when he buys stocks in conjunction with options to boost returns and protect against declines .
But we do n't minimize the challenges of the near term . ''
Moreover , the opportunity to sell steel at a price acceptable to USX may be gone , for now .
For , just as Mr. Giuliani latches on to an issue that has Mr. Dinkins reeling , his campaign desperately needs cash to keep Mr. Ailes 's commercials on the air beyond Wednesday or Thursday .
Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment .
On Oct. 5 , the company estimated after-tax effects on the year 's earnings would be `` at least '' $ 1.3 million .
Everyone is vulnerable , '' says Charles Harper , associate regional administrator for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Miami .
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost .
And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday .
NBC had five of the top 10 shows ; ABC had four and CBS had one .
Traders said municipals were underpinned by influences including the climb in Treasury issue prices .
Meat consumption is at 1979 's level , pork production at 1973 's , milk output at 1960 's .
At Plant Genetic Systems , researchers have isolated a pollen-inhibiting gene that can be inserted in a plant to confer male sterility .
An NFL spokesman also says the league will probably expand its offerings to cable TV companies like ESPN .
Last year , more than 1,800 traders on the CBOE bought and sold 112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks , 60 % of all U.S. listed options trading .
AT&T assembled three of its top executives in Washington , all visibly angry , to try to refute MCI 's charges .
Per-share earnings declined to $ 1.10 a share from $ 1.12 a share , largely because of 21 million additional shares issued to retire $ 1 billion of debt .
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings .
The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in the Marunouchi district , the business and financial center of Tokyo , often jokingly called `` Mitsubishi Village . ''
One exception is a continuing experiment at Stanford University where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells .
The Kabul regime would fall .
State housing prices , at a median $ 201,028 , have declined in recent months because of potential buyers ' inability to afford homes .
In the TVS statement , Mr. Price said `` leaving MTM was a very difficult decision , '' but added that `` it is now time for a change ... . ''
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country .
The distributor is R.R. Bowker , New York .
Looking to the past can provide some clues .
( It matches her voice . )
Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said .
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May .
They are obviously also more susceptible when they need money - retirees , for instance , trying to bolster their fixed income or parents fretting over how to pay for a child 's college expenses .
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site .
The agreement , subject to approval of union members , would cover about 6,000 workers .
Paramount said Associates has about $ 14 billion in total assets , making it third-largest in terms of assets among independent finance companies in the U.S. .
Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo , a spokesman for that agency said .
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 .
The New York Stock Exchange Composite was 0.4 % lower for the day .
In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation .
Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine .
`` What happened in the stock market and the bigger trade deficit '' reported yesterday `` make it unlikely that short-term interest rates will rise '' any time soon , said Mr. Mehl of Banxquote .
The FTC said it `` had reason to believe that the proposed acquisition could substantially reduce competition '' in the production of certain image intensifier tubes , which are important components of night-vision devices sold primarily to the defense industry .
Merchant banks were stronger across the board .
More recently , Sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 140 million .
International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach .
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix .
Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E ( repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 ) : `` Third and Oak : The Pool Hall . ''
The new contract also eliminates the $ 15 monthly coupon , good only at union-owned grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from roughneck to chief executive .
BNL also said that its board had approved `` after an in-depth discussion , '' a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve controls on its foreign branches .
Brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory .
Staff lawyers for both sides were busy agreeing with one another about what the U.S. could not do to oust the Panamanian thug .
Admirers of Mr. Glass may agree with the critic Richard Kostelanetz 's sense that the 1974 `` Music in Twelve Parts '' is as encyclopedic and weighty as `` The Well-Tempered Clavier . ''
By concealing the non-enforcement agreement , certain transactions with Messrs. Taylor and Watson were entered on FirstSouth 's books as loans , allowing the thrift to report fees and interest as current income , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Little Rock , Ark .
Friday 's Market Activity
The White House and the Democratic leadership in Congress blame each other for turning capital-gains taxes into such a divisive issue this year .
Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Home Products closed at $ 102.25 a share , down 75 cents .
The contract signing represented a major step in the long-planned petrochemical project .
So what 's a parent to do ?
Bonn and Washington have taken a leading role in aid for the reformist countries , pledging billions of dollars in fresh credit and forgiving old debt while urging other industrial nations to follow suit .
For example , in focusing on Mr. Freeman 's attempt to gain nonpublic information about a deal 's collapse , one does not naturally think about the reverse side of the coin : What if the rumor had been false ?
Despite all the formal provisions for its independence , the Fed seems constantly to feel that if it uses its independence too freely it will lose it .
Some European analysts speculated that officials of Saab 's highly profitable Scania truck operation balked at surrendering any of their autonomy .
And why not ?
Joann S. Lublin in London contributed to this article .
For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million .
Sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message .
Several big mutual fund groups said last week that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th .
Analysts expect further jitters this week .
In the previous year , it had a loss of $ 22.5 million , or $ 6.52 a share , on revenue of $ 41.1 million .
GE 's Kidder Peabody unit said it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , while Merrill Lynch said it was halting such trading entirely .
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Time officials declined to comment .
Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents .
A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials , but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue .
The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush .
Economists had expected a $ 9.1 billion gap .
You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 . ''
The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention , the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , or the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan and his associates know .
Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates , and Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho , Arizona and New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry excutives and the press .
In a recent investment letter entitled `` Winners of the ` Leverage Wars , ' '' Edward Kerschner , chairman of PaineWebber 's investment policy committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have avoided loading up on debt .
One of the best deals , though , may mean skipping Christmas dinner with the relatives .
With fast-food outlets on every corner , he , like many , does n't think he has a choice in the price war : `` Our customers say that they wo n't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon . ''
Frank J. Ollari was named senior vice president in charge of the mortgage finance department .
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching .
But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. , the world 's diamond kingpins , do their work .
On the Nasdaq over-the-counter system , Allied Capital Corp. , Washington , D.C. , ( ALII ) began trading last Thursday .
Out of the $ 2 charge , the law firm pockets about $ 1.55 .
Even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 1986 bill , are encouraged .
At the time , its shares were selling above their initial offering price of $ 19 , and bankers believed Staples would sell new stock without a hitch .
Gen. Scowcroft knows as well as anyone that one of the biggest dangers he faces is that NSC staffers working in relative anonymity will take over policy-making and operational tasks that are best left to bigger and more experienced State Department and Pentagon bureaus .
Its roots are patriotic -- with the first trees appearing in 1872 in an orchard near Peru , Iowa , to be exact .
The latest drop followed a decision by British Airways , which had supported the $ 300-a-share buy-out offer for UAL from a labor-management group , not to participate in any revised bid .
Program traders were publicly castigated following the 508-point crash Oct. 19 , 1987 , and a number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while .
Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups .
Loan guarantees do n't appear at all until the borrower defaults , so new guarantees do not raise the deficit , even though they create future liabilities for the government .
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations .
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
`` This takes any question of Showtime 's viability and puts it away once and for all , '' Mr. Biondi said in a telephone interview .
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors .
Still , the long view of Robert Bork as constitutional thinker must be a spotty one .
-- PRICES .
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . ''
And cultivating a luxury image strong enough to persuade consumers to pay more than $ 15 for lipstick or eye makeup requires a subtle touch that packaged-goods companies have yet to demonstrate on their own .
The Eastern District unit in Brooklyn , N.Y. , lost seven of its 15 attorneys this year partly because the lawyers were troubled by the proposed reorganization , says Laura A. Brevetti , who left the strike force to join Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein , a New York law firm .
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation-socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . ''
One of the few hints the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by chemist John Bockris of Texas A&M University .
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward .
Long-term support for the December contract was believed to be at $ 1.25 a pound .
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share .
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier .
Accord prices start at $ 12,345 .
Some underwriters have been pressing for years to tap the low-margin business by selling some policies directly to consumers .
But other banks balked at the low interest rate and banking fees the UAL group was willing to pay them .
Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing .
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. unit may plead guilty this week to charges that it illegally steered company money to politicians through outside vendors , according to individuals close to an investigation of the utility holding company .
Mr. Redford is slowing down a mindless , speeding maniac known as the progress of mankind .
Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability .
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August .
And the risks are n't appropriate for us , '' he says .
Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts .
As Georgia-Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise .
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set .
During the Third Reich , the Rothschilds were a target of Nazi propaganda against Jewish financiers .
Roughly a third of the charities reviewed flunk the test .
Mr. Windsor , among other analysts connected to the conservative Heritage Foundation , fears the gathering of 18 leaders , mostly from Central American nations , will force Mr. Bush `` to explain and redeem himself '' in the wake of charges that the U.S. failed to do enough to aid the removal of Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega .
But in an interview , Mr. McMaster said he and his investment banker would need access to full financial records before firming up the offer .
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there .
But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter .
The stock market , after all , represents the collective expectations about the value of the future income stream of the nation 's capital stock , discounted to present value .
Since that 1976 ruling , 37 states have reintroduced the death penalty .
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation .
In a letter to Mr. Bennett 's office , released yesterday , Washington 's city administrator , Carol Thompson , complained that the drug czar had exaggerated the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital .
`` That 's different than wrecking them . ''
The fund 's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees .
For the 12 months ended in September , this index was up 5.1 % .
Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , also will be a member .
There , Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America .
The 1986 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of President Reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill .
For Contel 's part , the company a month ago informed each of its money managers that it would drop them if they give business to program-trading firms .
Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning ( known as voir dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors .
The unit has 6,000 customers and , according to one analyst , had 1988 revenue of about $ 85 million .
But so far , the effort has failed , and traffic is still slow .
UH HUH :
But Mr. Runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers .
Machine tools are complex machines ranging from lathes to metal-forming presses that are used to shape most metal parts .
Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .
With National Institute of Justice support , the Minneapolis police and the Crime Control Institute are currently testing the effects of such a strategy , comparing its deterrence value with traditional random patrols .
We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah .
The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $ 4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today .
The advance felt more like a technical bounce , he said .
`` I 'm glad to be out , '' said the 32-year-old Mr. Hartley in a phone interview .
Buried in the work is a meditation on the morality of art , and on the struggle for integrity in an unfair world .
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable .
Market makers are supposed to keep supplies of stocks on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur .
`` Such a deadline is attainable , but it would have costs , '' Mr. Greenspan told Rep. Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee .
But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment .
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average .
The two men are longtime friends and tennis partners , having met about 25 years ago .
We were out of the box .
A bidding war for Jaguar became more likely as Britain unexpectedly decided to end restrictions blocking a takeover of the luxury car maker .
The current decline in failures continues a trend begun in late 1987 , D&B said .
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here .
Santa Fe also has $ 3.7 billion in debt .
And even without deals , Mr. Connolly figures the market would remain healthy .
One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School .
Prices for the U.S. benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude remained locked in a fairly narrow range before ending the session four cents lower at $ 19.72 a barrel for December delivery .
`` Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , '' says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail .
Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations .
`` The suggestion itself may do the healing . ''
`` Liquidity has n't returned to the vast middle ground of the market , '' said Mr. Minella of Merrill .
The company has 18,000 employees and more than 70 buildings in the Bay area .
These days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close-mouthed almost to the point of curtness .
An increase in production at some major oil fields in the North Sea , which had been knocked out by an explosion in July 1988 , also aided results .
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
`` It was one of the quickest changes in public attitudes I 've ever seen , '' says former Reagan pollster Richard Wirthlin .
The fact is that as a savings or investment vehicle , insurance generally runs a poor second to any direct investment you might make in the same things the insurance company is putting your money into .
`` Oh , yes .
The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing and environmental programs , and the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 .
Westinghouse Electric Corp. said it will buy Shaw-Walker Co .
`` It can be an avenue of entrance to a certain sector of society ... .
r - Revised .
Mr. Kume himself visited Honda 's headquarters in Tokyo 's upscale Aoyama district .
The jump reflected record results in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results from Harrah 's Del Rio in Laughlin , Nev .
Its largest previous rise this year came Aug. 7 , when it gained 4.31 .
Whitbread also owns the license to brew and distribute Heineken and Stella Artois beers in Britain .
Analysts do n't expect the September surge in auto production to be repeated in the coming months .
Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts .
After three Sagos were stolen from his home in Garden Grove , `` I put a big iron stake in the ground and tied the tree to the stake with a chain , '' he says proudly .
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets .
Specifically , Fujitsu won the right to design the specifications for a computerized system that will show water lines throughout the city .
`` It 's unlikely extracting the gas will cause subsidence , '' says a spokeswoman .
Wendy Gramm , the agency 's chairman , told the Senate Agriculture Committee that she expects the study to be released within two weeks and the rule changes to be completed by Thanksgiving .
Jeanene Page , of North Salt Lake City , Utah , likes the broader selection .
The issue by Chicago & North Western is one of the so-called good junk-bond offerings on the new-issue calendar .
`` When you reach a point where a policy-making body is trying to shape administrative decisions , then that 's a no-no in my book , '' the Texas lawmaker says .
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they 've joined the search .
J.C. Penney will continue to service the receivables .
U.S. official reserve assets rose $ 6.05 billion in September , to $ 68.42 billion , the Treasury Department said .
Paul H. Aloe , an attorney for Odeon owner Keith McNally , denied the allegations .
Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies , the industry 's gold standard for storability .
William J. Russo was named senior vice president , public affairs and advertising , for this financial and travel services concern 's American Express Bank Ltd. subsidiary .
NEW ACCOUNT :
Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit .
Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney and Foot Locker shoe stores and other specialty chains -- to rise `` pretty much in line '' with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % .
`` People are sort of nervous to do anything in the market now .
`` We made our own decision , '' he said .
Executives say Mrs. Coleman is very involved in the day-to-day operations , especially product development .
`` The coupon was raised to induce some of the big players on the fence to come in , '' said a spokesman for Donaldson .
Otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color TVs .
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen .
TRUSTEE WHO MONITORED settlement payments to Dalkon Shield claimants quits .
Perhaps the most disturbing finding is that the bowling alley may be an endangered American institution .
He also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more discriminate investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices .
Factory payrolls and production fell in September , and the auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch .
Thousands of chemical products were categorized as carcinogenic , with recommendations that they be banned from industrial use because they produced malignant tumors in overdosed rats .
A year earlier , Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million , or 50 cents a share .
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells .
The New Jersey paper , like the New Haven , Conn. , paper , was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery jumped $ 3.20 to $ 370.20 an ounce .
Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy .
Parliament is expected to discuss next month whether to change the law .
MORE EXECUTIVES and their spouses are seeking counseling as work and family pressures mount .
Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent and mortgage payments and repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities .
But the 5-4 ruling may have had as much immediate impact on those activities -- especially trespassing -- as on abortion rights .
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % .
The Justice Department said it is seeking to join a private lawsuit challenging a Pittsburgh suburb 's zoning ordinance that sharply restricts the locations available to group homes for the handicapped .
By and large , these efforts have borne fruit .
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Unfilled orders for durable goods rose 0.4 % in September , to $ 476.14 billion , after declining for the first time in 2 1\/2 years in August .
This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey , and girding for next autumn 's state elections .
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua , for example , also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus .
In 1987 , China exported 65 million pounds of mushrooms , valued at $ 47 million , to the U.S. .
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black .
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th-century French chateau the agency somehow owns .
The 1989 deficit would have been nearly $ 10 billion larger had the government been able to spend as much as Congress intended on cleaning up the thrift industry before the year ended on Sept. 30 .
Running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother .
`` Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , '' said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett-Packard Co. 's advanced systems development .
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors .
After the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees , two big bank creditors , Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki , resumed lending the shipyard working capital .
The shift of retailing to large shopping centers has created even greater economies of scale for providing low-crime business environments .
Corning 's chairman and chief executive officer , James R. Houghton , said operating performance continued to be strong in the telecommunications and health and science segments .
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows .
More recently , property rates have increased .
The trust , created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares .
Big gains for the ultra-right Republicans party in Baden-Wuerttemburg state municipal elections Sunday showed eroding support for Chancellor Helmut Kohl in a traditional bastion for his Christian Democratic Union .
But the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the fusing of hydrogen atoms .
The $ 6.07 billion increase was the strongest weekly inflow since January 1988 .
It will have a Russian tavern , an English pub , a discotheque and Japanese and Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement .
They 're bound to exaggerate .
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy .
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out .
We suspect Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy .
S.G. Warburg , a rumored target of some European banking concerns , finished 22 higher at 400 .
Trouble is , junk bond prices have been weak for months .
The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately .
In addition , Searle will give pharmacists brochures on the use of prescription drugs for distribution in their stores .
Mr. Tomash will remain as a director emeritus .
The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .
It will go for work ranging from refinery modification to changes in the distribution system , including the way service stations pump fuel into cars .
No gas .
Cetus is currently trying to obtain federal regulatory clearance for U.S. distribution .
Since 1978 , average annual growth rates for most pollutants have outstripped the growth of GNP .
Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility .
`` We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , '' says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign .
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va .
Even before the huge new projects began , the Strip 's recent expansion squeezed smaller competitors .
Months later , the Greek vase arrived in good condition at the museum in Charlottesville , having inexplicably traveled by a circuitous route through Nairobi .
If it ca n't be made at that price , it does n't get filled .
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances .
`` Some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the bandwagon before it was too late , '' said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis .
The placement was made through Gray Seifert Securities , New York , to institutional investors .
CALIFORNIA STRUGGLED with the aftermath of a Bay area earthquake .
The cut in the dividend to 10 cents a share semiannually , from 20 cents , `` would indicate to me they do n't see the problems being fixed real quick , '' said Frank Rolfes , an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis .
The voters delivered Mr. Gonzalez a third mandate for his successes .
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China 's doorstep , Hong Kong 's prospects look good .
In return , the Senate panel has dropped efforts to enact legislation requiring the administration to inform it within 48 hours of the launching of any covert activity .
Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary .
What are the facts on this type of lending ?
DPC made a $ 15-a-share bid for the company in May , but Dataproducts management considered the $ 283.7 million proposal unacceptable .
David Tunick , the president of David Tunick Inc. , a New York gallery , says scholars question the authenticity of the Rubens .
Allowing uncontrolled prices for necessities would indeed shorten the lines at stores , as he contends .
The calculations generally rely on an after-tax rate of return of 8 % annually -- a rate historically obtainable by the individual in only one place , the stock market .
He told reporters in Wellington Tuesday that the government had n't guaranteed the loans to DFC New Zealand Ltd. , an investment bank 80%-owned by the National Provident Fund , and would n't bail it out .
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading , Bank of Montreal closed at C$ 33.25 , up 87.5 Canadian cents .
Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials .
Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $ 250 a share , the two executives would still get about $ 25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction .
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .
The original is a comedy about Alceste , a man who sees falseness and vanity in everyone except himself .
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Business : Forest products and roofing
Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions .
-- George O. Ludcke .
Mr. Bush had been holding out for a bill boosting the wage floor to $ 4.25 an hour by the end of 1991 , coupled with a six-month training wage for workers newly hired by any employer .
Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more . ''
The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed but are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up and running .
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty .
Della Femina had billings of just $ 660 million last year and ranked as the U.S. 's 24th-largest ad agency .
In a statement , Mr. Merksamer described the filing as a `` legal technicality , '' but also said that `` our inability to obtain trade credit , combined with a need to ensure that our stores were properly stocked for the Christmas season , necessitated our filing Chapter 11 . ''
London shares also rose , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , ended higher .
Sen. Boren said , `` It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future .
LONG-TERM care insurance gains favor .
Adm. Goupil said that when the F-18s wear out , the navy is prepared to take Rafales to replace them .
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections .
Mr. Guber says he had crossed out `` MGM '' with a red pen and written in `` Columbia , '' giving the document to Mr. Semel .
Reflecting better growth prospects abroad , McDonald 's noted that as of Sept. 30 more stores were under construction overseas than a year ago , while the opposite was true for domestic expansion .
He is co-author of `` Personal Productivity : How to Increase Your Satisfaction in Living '' ( M.E. Sharp , 1988 ) .
In the wake of the failed Panama coup , a bumper sticker appears : `` Ollie Would Have Got Him . '' ...
Caldwell Butler , a conservative former congressman , was barred from a Legal Services post , after he gave wrong answers on abortion .
Descendants of the Southam family hold an additional 22.6 % stake in the Toronto-based company , Canada 's largest newspaper publisher .
One top U.S. expert on East Germany added : `` There is no clear-cut champion of reform , that we know of , in the East German leadership . ''
The report , released yesterday , comes as Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished or curtailed many loopholes .
The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 .
The rate on six-month bills rose to 7.53 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.92 % .
But both see a common enemy : About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie .
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months .
The close was the highest since August 3 .
According to terms , WCRS will pay 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.6 million ) for the 50 % it does n't already own of Carat Holding S.A. , one of Europe 's largest media buyers .
Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation .
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China .
NATO defense ministers are expected to call for a reduction in nuclear forces in Europe when the alliance 's nuclear planning group convenes a two-day session today in Portugal .
For all of 1988 , the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $ 134,000 on revenue of $ 593.5 million .
Aside from the takeover news , big buy orders were placed for blue-chip shares in afternoon trading .
The company said six officers are buying a total of $ 1.5 million of its stock .
`` Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities . ''
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .
The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 .
Right away you notice the following things about a Philip Glass concert .
Explonaft will develop application guidelines for lubricants , sell high-quality mineral oils , and offer services in industrial cleaning and related fields .
I have felt many aftershocks .
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages .
But nobody did such a piece , reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network .
OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output .
American Medical said its directors have approved what is , in effect , a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition , submitted by the Los Angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of Houlian Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc .
It jumped 7.5 Monday .
`` Disappointing profits are likely to get worse in the next two quarters , '' says Mary Farrell , a market strategist at PaineWebber .
That 's the conclusion of a recent study of large law firms conducted by Altman & Weil Inc. , an Ardmore , Pa. , law firm consultant .
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines { who } can only promise this for some ... years in the future . ''
His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher , Arnold Levine , had found in experiments with mice that a gene called p53 could transform normal cells into cancerous ones .
Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 .
The publishing unit reported revenue edged up 2.6 % to $ 263.2 million from $ 256.6 million .
The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up .
Odds and Ends
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.03 billion .
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night .
Insisting on a 24.5 % share of any ceiling , Saudi officials have long pressed for the pro rata distribution of increases to all members .
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months .
What accounts for the results of recent decades ?
Noranda and Trelleborg each came close to winning Falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid .
Already , the fight has been costly .
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee .
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 .
Lincoln 's treatment by former thrift regulators , in an agency disbanded by the new law , has proved embarrassing for five senators who received thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Mr. Keating .
MGM\/UA has sued Qintex Australia for breach of contract and fraud over the collapsed acquisition agreement , and Qintex Australia has threatened a countersuit .
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners .
Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. , agreed that a deteriorating economy is worrisome , but he said the real concern among stock investors is that some new problem will crop up in the junk bond market .
Houston attorney Dale Friend , representing a plaintiff in a damage suit , says he has negotiated a settlement that will strike a blow for his client .
Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance .
Italy 's Foreign Ministry said it is investigating exports to the Soviet Union by an Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. subsidiary called OCN-PPL that makes numerically controlled machine tools .
Sales were flat at $ 7.88 billion .
The average cost for breakfast at a `` decent '' hotel restaurant in New York is $ 17.12 , according to Corporate Travel magazine .
Soon she was running the office .
Our view is that we may see a profit decline . ''
Before taking any action , he advised the panel to `` see what the market has produced as a cure . ''
This is just not so .
Other major players in intimate apparel apparently feel the same way .
Activity continued to slow from the hectic pace set during the market 's plunge late Friday and its rebound Monday , as players began to set their sights on events coming later this week .
The cash injection boosted Zeta 's capital more than four-fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , Zeta officials said .
: American Suzuki Motor Corp. , Brea , Calif. , awarded its estimated $ 10 million to $ 30 million account to Asher\/Gould , Los Angeles .
For especially stubborn haunts , Mr. Baker carries a secret weapon , a vial of cornstarch .
Four more models , aimed squarely at IBM 's commercial customers , are expected to begin shipping in late June .
Options traders who , in return for a small fee , or premium , had previously sold put options on stocks or stock indexes were forced on Friday to buy those contracts back at the previously agreed prices , which were substantially above those in the market as it was falling .
That 's not character .
Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients .
`` If your prospect is feeling risk the whole time and you 're not feeling as if you 're backed up by a stable company , you 've lost it before you 've begun , '' says Mary Ann Cluggish , a Wellesley , Mass. , sales trainer and consultant who works with high technology companies .
The company said the holders represent 52 % of the face amount of the debentures .
The West German chemical concern said it will close the last remaining fertilizer plant in Oberhausen in the fall of next year .
Mr. Ohmae is managing director of McKinsey & Co. in Japan .
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas finds .
But GM 's results also illustrate the increasing diversity of its operations .
Last week , the government took three bills to the National Assembly .
But critics consider the changes regressive .
A DLJ banker , putting a best possible face on it , asserts that `` very few people said they did n't like the credit quality .
Viktor Sidorenko , vice chairman of the State Committee on Nuclear Safety , said the two reactors were at Kursk and Smolensk .
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power .
Winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss and slashed its dividend in half , reflecting the deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle sales .
Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength .
The Tennessee Valley Authority issued $ 4 billion in bonds in the federal utility 's first public debt offering in 15 years .
While people were jingling their change , the LDP politicians were caught in scandals .
9:31 a.m.
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter .
Though he himself does n't expect a recession soon , Mr. Wyss advises people who do that `` the best thing to be in is long that is , 20-year to 30-year Treasury bonds . ''
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed .
More seriously , FmHA has carried several billion dollars of defaulted loans at face value .
`` A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , '' says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm .
Society Corp. already has branches in the area , and selling the Trustcorp offices could avoid a problem with regulators over excessive concentration of banking in the two counties after the merger of Trustcorp into Society , according to industry sources .
He was co-chairman of Mr. Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for Mr. Bush in the 1980 election .
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he and companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. and NL Chemicals Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif .
Exxon Corp. is resigning from the National Wildlife Federation 's corporate advisory panel , saying the conservation group has been unfairly critical of the Exxon Valdez oil spill along the Alaskan coast .
Some of the recent selling could actually be considered a positive sign .
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen , down 0.2 cent from September .
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard .
Judge Albert Green , in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago , also recognized the suit , filed last May by Robert and Cynthia Langendorf , as a class action covering thousands of Irving customers .
Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city 's four-star restaurants .
Some in the market question whether Campeau will be in a position to pay bills at that time .
Though it collects such data daily , its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends .
In addition , further packaging of mortgage-backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to .
There have been rumblings that , at long last , changes may be in the works .
She wants something big , and already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car .
Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn .
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject .
Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions .
At the same time , my share in a wide variety of entertainment pursuits has given perhaps the most dramatic demonstration of the benefits of creative personal financial planning .
Piping in a waste-treatment plant needed immediate repairs .
Monday , October 23 , 1989
Most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list .
HONECKER WAS OUSTED as leader of East Germany amid growing unrest .
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen .
b - As of Thursday 's close .
`` Most of the West 's leaders have finally concluded that we all want perestroika { Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev 's policy of economic restructuring } to succeed , '' says Hubert Vedrine , security adviser to Mr. Mitterrand .
`` It was a good reminder that we all need to prepare prior to an event . ''
Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now .
But it fell to 1.8470 marks from 1.8485 .
It quoted Liu Changyi , deputy director of the Beijing Public Security Bureau , as saying that there were many more people involved in prostitution now than in 1985 , when there were about 100 cases .
The city 's mayor vowed to take legal action against developers who had been excavating at the crest of the hill .
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors .
The Charter Revision Commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the Justice Department and the commission 's own commitment to enhancing minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts .
Rep. Robert K. Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) Washington
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % .
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 282 million from $ 268.3 million .
The Russians are talking peace .
Instead of castling , a standard measure to safeguard the king , D.T. made a second-rate rook maneuver at move 13 ; then it put a knight offside on move 16 .
The soreness , he admits , went away about a week after the shot .
Ford probably will renew its request for such a meeting soon , he added .
Federal prosecutors said they have obtained a guilty plea from another person in the government 's ongoing probe of illegal payments in the record industry .
We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet 's atmosphere .
However , that does n't mean they can benefit from the vaccine .
The company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs .
Now his half-dozen employees work in an eighth-floor shop that he says is smaller than his old storage room .
`` We were n't sure that full disclosure , as we wanted it , was being made . ''
Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .
Takeover speculation has been rife , its consulting business is on the block , and its largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , has said it 's been approached by third parties regarding a possible restructuring .
`` We will not be commenting beyond the news release , '' the spokesman said .
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future .
Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs ( $ 297 ) a share .
Despite the excesses , however , the scorecard for the production has many more pluses than minuses .
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board .
Any such downturn in California would be grim news for West Coast thrifts , particularly the less healthy ones , which have performed poorly even with a torrid market .
While Polish data have been freely available since 1980 , it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information .
`` Investors , '' he adds , `` are getting religion . ''
Massage advocates say that kneading the head , shoulders , neck and back can go a long way toward easing tension and improving morale .
Sales rose 14 % to $ 715 million from $ 625.4 million .
Priam Corp. said it filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment .
`` I 'm happy that he feels positively about our company , '' he said .
The base metal price has dropped 30.3 % from a year earlier to 78 cents a pound .
But it 's understood that Mr. Kravis is disappointed that Mr. Gillett did n't manage to boost SCI TV 's operating profit after the buy-out .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
The board 's decision , announced after the market closed Monday , initially prompted a severe sell-off in UAL shares , which at midday traded as low as $ 145 a share , down $ 33 a share , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
This year , the city faces a budget deficit that could become even bigger next year .
And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids .
The TW buy-out may yet be financed .
It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages .
`` It was a case of human error , which we found almost immediately and corrected , '' a spokesman for Reuter in New York said .
Indeed , during a recent post-production audience discussion , the director explained that her fondest artistic wish was to find a way to play `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow '' so that the song 's `` original beauty comes through , '' surmounting the cliche .
`` When you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've spoken to ` G . '
PaineWebber declined to comment .
He sees a psychoanalyst five mornings a week .
`` Losses from the earthquake are expected to be of similar magnitude to those of Hurricane Hugo , '' according to Moody 's .
Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach .
Donaldson Lufkin declined to comment on the restructuring .
Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora , his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges .
The first Merkur , the XR4Ti , went on sale in early 1985 .
Sales dropped 4 % to $ 1.12 billion from $ 1.17 billion .
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says .
Grace said it did n't invest any additional capital in the venture , which will be known as Grace-Sierra Horticultural Products Co .
Mr. Johnson succeeds Harry W. Sherman , who resigned to pursue other interests , in both positions .
When the Engelken family got back from its trip up north , Mr. Engelken wrote it all down , just to make sure no detail was missed .
The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 .
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns .
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses .
The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , Oriental , repetitive , cyclical , monophonic and hypnotic , are relentlessly tonal ( therefore unthreatening ) , unvaryingly rhythmic ( therefore soporific ) , and unflaggingly harmonious but unmelodic ( therefore both pretty and unconventional ) .
`` This is a pre-emptive strike by Foothills , '' said Rick Hillary , natural gas manager of the Calgary-based Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group .
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days .
Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health .
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems .
Undoubtedly Mr. Bush will be praised by some Latin leaders prone to pay lip service to nonintervention , while they privately encourage more assertive U.S. action to remove Gen. Manuel Noriega and safeguard their countries from a Sandinista onslaught .
Losses at El Dorado Investment Co. , the venture-capital operation , widened to $ 6.8 million from $ 425,000 a year earlier .
`` It felt like I was on a station platform and a train went by , '' said one man , describing my own reaction .
These mainly involved such areas as materials -- advanced soldering machines , for example -- and medical developments derived from experimentation in space , such as artificial blood vessels .
Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months , but full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said .
Few telephone lines snapped .
After Friday 's decline , Mr. Perritt 's firm ran statistical tests on 100 high-quality stocks , using old-fashioned value criteria devised by Benjamin Graham , an analyst and author in the 1930s and 1940s who is widely considered to be the father of modern securities analysis .
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 9\/16 % one year .
And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- thanks to industry consolidation and a decline in family farms .
And Mr. Kleinaitis says that with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands , Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul .
The issue has an expected final maturity date of 1998 .
MCA on Friday said that as a result of Qintex 's failure to make the required payment it was terminating the distribution agreement on `` The New Leave It to Beaver '' as well as other MCA properties .
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed .
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources .
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 shares will be sold by the company and 334,774 shares by holders , via Alex Brown & Sons , Hambrecht & Quist and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson .
London shares also closed firmer in thin trading driven largely by technical factors and support from a new Wall Street rally .
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers .
Source : Ibbotson Associates Inc .
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding .
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway .
K mart officials and Mr. Pilevsky would n't comment on the sale .
But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work .
Analysts expect the company to show profit of about 225 million guilders , up 9 % from 206.3 million guilders a year earlier .
Still , without the assurance of British Airways ' financial backing , it will be tougher for the buy-out group to convince already-reluctant banks to make loan commitments for a revised bid , especially since British Air 's original investment represented 78 % of the cash equity contribution for the bid .
Operating revenue rose 69 % to A$ 8.48 billion from A$ 5.01 billion .
Domestic lending for real estate and property development was the source of Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd. 's most recent spate of financial troubles , the institution 's executive chairman , Mohamed Basir Ismail , said .
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire .
`` I think we did . ''
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Cars ca n't move because of overflowing sewers .
( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ) .
For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 .
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
Repression : emote control .
About two-thirds of the Well 's 3,000 subscribers live in the Bay Area .
The company reported good gains in all of its divisions .
MEDUSA Corp. said it voluntarily prepaid $ 7 million on its original $ 75 million term loan , bringing the total debt reduction for the year to $ 18 million .
To the amazement of some traders , takeover stocks were climbing again .
Though the ink is barely dry on its new , post-bankruptcy law structure , Bill Bullock , Manville 's head of investor relations , says the company is continually pondering `` whether there is a better way to be structured .
In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos .
`` We do n't want to be known as ambulance chasers , '' says William Garrison , Lake View 's president .
Thrombinar , a drug used to stanch bleeding , was sold to Jones Medical Industries Inc. , St. Louis .
Last July , his committee rejected a Reagan administration plan to support a coup in Panama .
ANTHEM ELECTRONICS INC. , San Jose , distributor of electronic parts , annual sales of about $ 300 million , NYSE , sustained very little damage , anticipated being `` in 100 % operating condition '' by midday .
Twenty-five years ago the poet Richard Wilbur modernized this 17th-century comedy merely by avoiding `` the zounds sort of thing , '' as he wrote in his introduction .
But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop .
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued .
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway .
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office .
The Financial Times 100-share index finished at 2161.9 , up 12.6 points .
The Japanese use 40 % of the world 's ivory .
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals '' in the quarter `` because their credit quality was poor , '' the spokesman said .
The switch to London underscores the fact that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992 , European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity .
Eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth .
Sibra Products Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Cardinal Amber Light beer account to Heidelberg & Associates , New York .
The Senate did n't vote on six lesser charges .
The Senate 's public gallery was packed with Judge Hastings ' supporters , who erupted into applause after he finished his argument .
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop .
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas .
But with some clients , the talk can heat up a bit .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 5.94 points to 2653.28 in moderate trading .
The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization , and charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen ( $ 880,000 ) and other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen .
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC .
It also declined against the mark but did n't reach its intraday low of 1.8435 marks until two hours later .
If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says .
Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's concentrating on matching that internal tone .
Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October .
Richard Grasso , Big Board president , last week said only that the exchange is concerned about all its constituents .
At Scudder and at the smaller Ivy funds group in Hingham , Mass. , for instance , some shareholders called early in the morning to switch money from stock funds to money market funds , but later called back to reverse the switches .
`` The president does n't want to have legislative sanctions , '' says a U.S. official .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
On Oct. 19 , 1987 , some investors learned the consequences of entering `` good-til-canceled limit orders '' and then forgetting about them .
Even in Denenchofu , one of Tokyo 's richest neighborhoods , Mr. Morishita 's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors ' .
Ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later .
`` We do n't see a domestic source for some of our { HDTV } requirements , and that 's a source of concern , '' says Michael Kelly , director of DARPA 's defense manufacturing office .
`` Their principal asset is Manville common stock , '' says Jeffrey Halis , who runs Sabre Associates , an investment fund that owns Manville shares .
President Bush told reporters : `` Whether that { the leadership change } reflects a change in East-West relations , I do n't think so .
He is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge portrait of his late father , Hendrik F. Verwoerd , apartheid 's architect and South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 .
Robins has been in proceedings under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code since August 1985 ; such proceedings give it protection from creditor lawsuits while it works out a plan for paying its debts .
The difference lies in how the two entrepreneurial furriers reacted to the foreign competition and transformation of their industry over the past 10 years .
The company said the court has indicated it will make a decision on or about Nov. 27 .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 45.50 a share , up 25 cents .
Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are `` doing very well , '' and its plastic storage-case products `` are poised for growth , '' he said .
The company , which also will omit its second-half dividend , did n't specify the size .
The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said .
When they do hit , they hit fast , '' says David A. Wyss , chief financial economist at the Data Resources division of McGraw-Hill Inc .
Though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials .
Industry analysts in Europe said the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat .
Moody 's said its rating changes actions `` reflect CS First Boston 's aggressive merchant banking risk as well as the risk profile of its current merchant banking exposures . ''
If the CIA has become a protection service for Mr. Noriega , the American people ought to know .
There are of course good reasons the U.S. should n't get into the assassination business , but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars .
It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period .
But is exile in Hollywood enough ?
Reaching for that extra bit of yield can be a big mistake -- especially if you do n't understand what you 're investing in .
However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative and would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility and its ability to raise capital , NRM said .
That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt that Bass PLC of Britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August .
Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 .
The French building group Dumez S.A. said profit jumped 70 % in the first half of 1989 , partly on the strength of nonrecurring gains from a share issue by its Canadian unit .
The reason is simple : Education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal .
Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti , the late baseball commissioner , and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins .
A spokeswoman said the apparel market troughed in the first half of 1988 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year .
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district\/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Analog Devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents .
Now they do n't have to , '' he says .
Lyrics from `` Ghostbusters '' by Ray S. Parker Jr. 1984 by Golden Torch Music Corp. ( ASCAP ) and Raydiola Music ( ASCAP ) .
Moreover , they note that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers , such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp. , that steelmakers need more money .
`` We like to make our own judgments '' about Mr. Morishita , says Christopher Davidge , Christies ' group managing director .
They talked of the aftermath .
`` For the middle and upper-middle class { Filipino } is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines .
Bond prices took the high road and stock prices took the low road as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market .
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from ( a ) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; ( b ) planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and ( c ) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West .
In addition , perhaps 5 % of registrants will come from a new category consisting of applicants whose academic credentials `` narrowly missed '' gaining them admission in the first category .
Stocks that reportedly benefited Tuesday from a Japanese buy program handled by PaineWebber gave back some of their gains .
Even if Mr. Crandall is correct , he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level .
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association .
The Afrikaner must end his reliance on others . ''
Nicholas Brady , the incumbent treasury secretary , is of course aware of the proposal , and he does n't like it much .
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson .
It can happen in any industry .
`` We want it to be a '90s kind of image . ''
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally .
`` Athens with Spartan means , '' Mr. McDonough says .
In the 1980s , the Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of `` safe '' minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population .
Asked whether a $ 230-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` It 's certainly not too low . ''
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks .
Each scientist independently concluded society and government are underreacting when it comes to substantive policy change .
Mr. Hulings gloats that he sold all his stocks a week before the market plummeted 190 points on Oct. 13 , and he is using the money to help buy a 45-acre horse farm .
Still , there are several billion dollars of zero-coupon CDs with various maturities outstanding .
And , like corporates , many municipal bonds are callable .
In other personnel changes stemming from problems in its options unit :
The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World ( U.S. ) and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper .
The Paris bank does n't publish that figure .
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake .
`` If that 's true , Orange County has to be at least 10 % of that . ''
In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading .
Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry .
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories .
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News .
Mr. Broderick , the Massachusetts grower , says the `` big boss '' at a supermarket chain even rejected his Red Delicious recently because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine .
The previous deadline to complete the sale was Nov. 30 .
The report of the bankruptcy filing stunned Hollywood executives and investors .
Amdura , a Denver hardware and automotive distributor , said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements .
Bob Bardagy , executive vice president of marketing at Comdisco Inc. , a huge leasing firm , said : `` To put it mildly , IBM Credit has been doing some of the worst economic deals of any leasing company we have ever seen . ''
Messrs. Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble .
Conner Peripherals was unchanged at 15 .
That meant no trading would occur in the final seconds , as a way of making sure that last-second orders are n't subjected to a sudden price swing that would upset customers .
It has more drug users than Boston has people .
The bank 's Third World debt portfolio totals $ 560 million , down from $ 2.2 billion at the end of 1986 .
What Sotheby 's is doing closely resembles an underwriting by an investment bank .
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill .
Both groups cling to traditional face-to-face dealings , even for routine policies .
At Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the leading underwriter of junk bonds , `` I was prepared to be in a very bad mood tonight , '' said David Feinman , a junk bond trader .
But now that Congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the Gramm-Rudman targets , the White House said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which Congress continues to work .
Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings .
You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo .
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries .
As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 from 7.51 % and wo n't rise any further in the future .
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Mr. Greenspan said the inflation rate , currently about 4 1\/2 % , `` could be brought down to levels which are close to zero without putting the economy into a recession , but I do suspect that there might be some modest loss of economic output . ''
The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 2\/32 , down nearly 5\/8 point from Thursday , or about $ 6.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
The union , though , has called the offer `` insulting . ''
Qintex Australia unveiled plans to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems .
He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit refurbished .
South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable .
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away .
However , last week Mr. Webster 's two top CIA deputies said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in Panama .
Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % .
Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $ 400 million , to $ 2.25 billion .
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
An estimated $ 38.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of North Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman .
Trifari , whose national ads earlier this year included paper cutouts of its costume finery , takes a tamer approach .
Top executives at Continental have n't lasted long , especially those recruited from outside .
He did later threaten vetoes over legislation restoring the District of Columbia 's right to use its own tax money to fund abortions for poor women and over restoring funding to the United Nations Population Fund .
In the beginning , the treasury secretary and the comptroller of the currency were both ex officio members of the Federal Reserve Board .
Carl Banerian Jr . Birmingham , Mich .
Province of Nova Scotia -- $ 250 million of 8 1\/4 % debentures due Nov. 15 , 2019 , priced at 99.775 to yield 8.28 % .
The increased labor costs became effective Aug. 1 under terms of the four-year labor agreement with the United Steelworkers union .
Loyalty lags most for utilitarian products like trash bags and batteries .
But the companies said that Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K .
`` We have the structure , people and plan , '' Mr. Isler said in a statement .
UAL 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key to any future takeover bid for the airline .
Mr. Dole 's odd effort notwithstanding , most of Turkey 's political problems lie with the Europeans .
Taken together , the worries prompted a broad sell-off of stocks .
To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. , and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops .
Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia .
Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding .
In any matters between us and the Cubans there can be no simplicity , consequently I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government .
Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff .
The decline broke a streak of 10 quarters in which Dow posted earnings increases .
Avondale was notified by Louisiana officials in 1986 that it was potentially responsible for a cleanup at an oil-recycling plant .
A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations .
On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange .
And , they warn , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound hollow .
But when the high court ruled in the Webster case in July , the president began to lower the volume .
Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers .
The Dutch unit , known as Celtona B.V. , is a leading maker of consumer and away-from-home tissue products for the Benelux region .
According to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind International Business Machines Corp. and UAL in volume on the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
April 26 , 1988 :
Japanese companies have long been accused of sacrificing profit to boost sales .
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , BSB closed at $ 17.50 , up 12.5 cents .
He says the strike-force lawyers will work more efficiently under the supervision of U.S. attorneys .
Moreover , much of the investment boom is in high-tech fields in which Japanese companies have only limited foreign competition ; so , more investment practically assures more exports .
For one thing , quite a number of the leading spokesmen on Wall Street are not portfolio managers , who understand that the value of assets is greatly affected by how government taxes those assets .
That means huge travel bills .
The Chinese were among 3,372 boat people supposedly from Vietnam who arrived in Japan this year , compared with 219 for all of 1988 , the official said .
The theory is that the stadium , damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , will be repaired by then , and that people will be able to get there .
He notes that industry executives have until now worried that they would face a severe shortage of programs once consumers begin replacing their TV sets with HDTVs .
Psychologists say isolated people who do n't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud .
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods .
Qintex Australia was `` saying as recently as last weekend that they would take care of the situation .
`` We continue to develop products faster than anyone else can . ''
Jack Ellis , a U.S. postal inspector in New York , says the Postal Service 's only job is to deliver the mail to the mail room ; once it gets there , a company can do with it what it wishes .
It 's all in this handout you do n't want to look at .
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer .
`` The networks are paying too much for rights , '' warns adman Paul Isacsson of Young & Rubicam .
The No. 2 auto maker blamed incentive costs and reduced production -- both the result of a substantially weaker U.S. market -- for a 44 % drop in net to $ 477.1 million , or $ 1.03 a share , on revenue of $ 20.24 billion .
Dealers said junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership posting one-point gains .
Harmonia Bancorp Inc. -- 4,750,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Some analysts predict that in the absence of market-moving news to push the U.S. unit sharply higher or lower , the currency is likely to drift below 1.80 marks this week .
The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs .
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 74 days ; 8.30 % 75 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days .
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold .
Nausea seems a commonplace symptom .
It was the first management change since film-makers Daniel Grodnik and Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March .
In an open letter that will run today in the trade journal Automotive News , Ron Tonkin , president of the National Car Dealers Association , says dealers should cut their inventories to no more than half the level traditionally considered desirable .
Donald DeScenza , an independent analyst in New Canaan , Conn. , said he was `` impressed with the company 's performance . ''
The Irish-Soviet aviation connection is alive and well here at Shannon Airport .
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business .
The Israeli Manufacturers ' Association filed a police complaint against an Arab pasta maker for using the four colors of the outlawed Palestinian flag on spaghetti packages .
`` It 's one thing to say you can sterilize , and another to then successfully pollinate the plant , '' he said .
More recently , Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi 's smaller communications companies -- identified as the Rowland public relations firm by several industry executives -- but again was rebuffed , they said .
In a statement yesterday , Mr. Azoff said he chose Warner , the largest record company , because `` their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none .
McCaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $ 125-a-share bid for 22 million of Lin 's shares .
The finance unit , GMAC , said net fell 3.1 % , but EDS 's profit rose 16 % .
A large majority of the 961 former Tiger fliers support the union , according to a union study .
The association said that lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem facing the airline industry .
In the Manager 's Journal , Atsushi Kageyama , in commenting on many differences between American and Japanese culture , said , `` Japanese children are raised in a way many Americans would find severe .
ENI needs to know what 's coming as it prepares to spend some $ 1.3 billion on upgrading its refineries , he says .
`` I think a lot of their businesses are just so-so . ''
In addition to free massages , there was free counseling , phone calls and a free shuttle bus to a health club , which offered up its showers , saunas and hot tubs .
The new real estate unit would have a separate capital structure to comply with the law .
It is based on the stocks that make up Standard & Poor 's 100-stock index .
In addition , as of Sept. 30 , the company still had authorization to buy $ 368 million of stock under a prior repurchase program .
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , David Runkel , said .
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 2.09 , to 454.86 .
`` In my view , { massages } should be managed with an appropriate mixture of males and females around , '' he says .
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses .
Cathay is taking several steps to bolster business .
South African gold stocks closed higher .
The Fed also said U.S. industry operated at 83.6 % of capacity last month , down from 83.8 % in August .
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns Chairman and Chief Executive Alan C. Greenberg said his firm will continue stock-index arbitrage for its clients .
She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank .
After another session Mr. Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- an executive of a top brokerage firm said , `` Clearly , the firms want the exchange to take leadership . ''
`` Up until now the courts have said it is not their role to supervise the foreign country 's courts , '' said Jacques Semmelman , the assistant U.S. attorney on the case .
The move is a setback for Bush , who needs Democratic support to pass a capital-gains cut in the Senate .
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions .
It belly-flopped anyway .
Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan .
Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans .
Mr. Glass has inverted the famous modernist dictum `` less is more . ''
Mazda Motor Corp. is still considering its options , but it boldly aims to double its annual domestic sales to 800,000 cars in the next four years .
Mr. Carver says that at a recent Dain-sponsored conference in New York , he asked Michael 's chief executive officer if the fourth quarter would be down .
Per-share earnings are estimated at more than 40 cents , up from 22 cents for fiscal 1988 .
CBS News sends scripts to agents , who pass them along to clients .
The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special at the Super Bowl in January .
George Putnam III , editor of Turnaround Letter in Boston , offers one final tip for recession-wary investors .
The White House had enough votes to sustain a veto but chose to avoid a confrontation .
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc .
He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and chief executive officer .
They thus have won the French space-buying business of such advertising giants as Coca-Cola Co. , Fiat S.p . A. , Gillette and Kodak .
Two decades ago , the Small Business Administration reported Yale Prof. Albert Reiss 's landmark study of crime against 2,500 small businesses drawn from national IRS records .
Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences , at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars , to poll , pre-try , profile and shadow .
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
According to senior consultants to the church , Mr. Moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the Chinese government to build an automobile-parts plant in Guangdong Province , an area of China with a substantial Korean minority .
A Daikin executive in charge of exports when the high-purity halogenated hydrocarbon was sold to the Soviets in 1986 received a suspended 10-month jail sentence .
It is setting up a special team in charge of international markets and training workers to do business abroad .
NEW ACCOUNT :
`` We are dismayed , but there 's nothing we can do about it now , '' said Stanley Grayson , New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development .
The Federal Reserve Board 's plan for a `` soft landing , '' he says , requires the Fed to navigate `` an ever-narrowing corridor . ''
To top off the bearish factors affecting yesterday 's trading , late October weather , especially in the Northeast U.S. , continues to be very moderate , leaving heating oil futures trading lackluster .
In one of the most conservative , Republican states in the entire nation , the greening of Robert Redford 's neighbors is the real story that Mr. Tomsho missed .
Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 .
The stock tumbled 24 7\/8 to 198 on volume of 2.8 million shares .
It 's doubtful , though , whether circuit breakers do any real good .
A partisan fight over cutting capital-gains taxes has slowed the progress of 1990 deficit-reduction legislation almost to a halt , triggering across-the-board spending cuts under the Gramm-Rudman law .
Still , proponents contend that the veto would have what Mr. Glazier calls an important `` chilling effect '' on all manner of appropriations bills .
In April , Hoechst , the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany , said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50 % by 1993 .
But they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public .
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount .
As the tough , slinky lounge chanteuse in `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' Ms. Pfeiffer sings for herself , and more than passably well .
The head of British Satellite Broadcasting Ltd. said he hopes to raise about # 450 million ( $ 711 million ) before the satellite-TV venture makes its delayed debut next spring -- with a major chunk coming from new investors .
Minpeco attorneys said they would appeal the decision to a federal district court .
Hungary is no longer a `` Socialist Peoples '' republic , the Communist Party no longer has automatic delegates in the U.S.S.R. 's Congress of Peoples Deputies and Egon Krenz was not backed unanimously by his fellow party functionaries when he took over as East Germany 's new maximum leader .
New York State Comptroller Edward Regan predicts a $ 1.3 billion budget gap for the city 's next fiscal year , a gap that could grow if there is a recession .
The proposed legislation has a laudable goal : to assure the integrity of the U.S. futures markets .
GM 's interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U.S. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market .
-- Sophomore football player .
Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , `` Steel Magnolias , '' helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board .
He said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans .
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $ 1.31 trillion , the lowest since August 1988 .
Sonet , or synchronous optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models .
`` When we started the program six years ago , the use of Filipino was deemed unwise by the predominantly middle class , '' says Lydia Brown , the program 's creator .
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France .
Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise , which has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta , Ga .
One sign of Mr. Deaver 's renaissance : an appearance on ABC 's `` Nightline '' for a show on pack journalism .
`` Maybe it was just a vulnerable time , '' says Mr. Cortese .
Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles .
The trade surplus with Europe was pegged at $ 414 million , down 57 % from a year ago .
He declined to elaborate .
Volume totaled 10,450,000 shares .
Before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern .
United 's directors voted themselves , and their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year for life as well .
In addition : -- Soo Line jumped 2 3\/4 to 20 1\/4 , above the $ 19.50 a share that Canadian Pacific offered for the company in a takeover proposal .
Chancellor Kohl , meanwhile , has invited Mr. Krenz to open discussions with Bonn on a wide range of subjects .
He says his son has n't paid for the shares .
`` People honestly lose money on risky investments that they did n't realize were a crapshoot , '' he says .
The issue is noncallable for five years and has a sinking fund starting in 2000 to retire 50 % of the issue before maturity .
The Nikkei , which reached as high as 35611.38 right after the opening , surrendered part of its early advance toward the end of the day because of profit-taking .
But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy .
`` Everyone is extremely convinced the economy is slowing , '' says one senior New York dealer .
GMAC Canada Ltd . ( U.S. parent ) -- 150 million Canadian dollars of floating-rate notes due November 1996 , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd .
Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking in Asia , based in Tokyo .
This is the worry that probably brought steadiness to the market earlier in the week , he said .
Among paper company stocks that rallied on the Big Board because of the offer were Union Camp , up $ 2.75 to $ 37.75 , Federal Paperboard , up $ 1.75 to $ 27.875 , Mead , up $ 2.375 to $ 38.75 , and Temple Inland Inc. , up $ 3.75 to $ 62.25 .
However , Mr. Lee said that USI Far East is confident other investors will take up the slack .
Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc .
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend .
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses .
Whatever accord the three carriers reach , he said , he is skeptical it would create a separate airline .
The pilot union , the only one to support the buy-out thus far , said the flight attendants ' decision `` enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable . ''
Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $ 20.75 a barrel .
Oct. 9. 1989 :
Tokyo stocks closed easier , posting their first loss in six trading days , partly because of programmed index-linked selling by trust investment funds in the afternoon session .
The offering , Series 1989-87 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities .
That could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature .
Tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's Elm Streets and Amityvilles .
MEDIA POLICY :
Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades .
There were many more .
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations .
As for the merits , Judge Leval said that Mr. Miller had written `` a serious book of responsible historical criticism . ''
Among the first trades reported by the securities firm of Jefferies & Co. , which makes a market in UAL after the exchange is closed , were 10,000 shares at $ 170 , 6,000 shares at $ 162 , 2,500 at $ 162 , and 10,000 at $ 158 .
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise .
All of their friends have children and they ca n't , so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment .
James B. Lee , head of syndications and private placements at Chemical Banking Corp. , said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of one-stop shopping for takeover finance .
Mr. Guber says that Mr. Semel did convey that information and that Mr. Semel said Mr. Ross was `` crazy because of the Time deal , '' meaning , Mr. Guber says , that Mr. Ross `` did not want to communicate to his new merger partner , Time Inc. , that Warner 's agreements provided for our departure under these circumstances . ''
Lawrence Perlman , Control Data 's president and chief operating officer , said the maintenance business no longer fits into the company 's `` strategy to be a data solutions company . ''
Before your next California-bashing editorial , please spend more time out here witnessing the situation -- it just may change your view .
And , last but not least , President George Bush now views the changes in Eastern Europe as `` absolutely extraordinary '' and believes that Mr. Krenz `` ca n't turn the clock back '' in East Germany because the change is too inexorable , '' as he told the New York Times 's R.W. Apple Jr .
Now it matters .
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .
Speculation that the Federal Reserve will lower interest rates in coming weeks helped push the dollar down while boosting stocks , traders said .
The Parks Council wrote the BPCA that this `` too ` private ' ... exclusive , '' complex and expensive `` enclosed garden ... belongs in almost any location but the waterfront . ''
For those who do n't need their personalized information moment by moment , some services are offering overnight newsletters .
It was the most exercise we 'd had all morning and it was followed by our driving immediately to the nearest watering hole .
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .
Its earnings can rise 10 % to 12 % annually simply from the natural turnover of tenants and automatic rent increases , says Graeme McDonald , an industry analyst at James Capel Pacific Ltd .
Dealers said they viewed the initial # 390-million ( $ 622 million ) outlay for a 15 % stake in the airline as a bit much .
As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies .
It certainly wo n't get there on looks .
Rather than trying to `` lecture us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting , Mr. Krenz `` wanted to listen . ''
In Japan , the bellwether No. 111 4.6 % bond of 1998 ended off 0.03 at 95.72 , to yield 5.32 % , and in West Germany , the 7 % benchmark issue due October 1999 ended 0.05 point lower at 99.85 to yield 7.02 % .
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond .
Ramada 's previous plan was derailed by upheaval in the junk-bond market that hindered the offering of $ 400 million in high-yield securities of Aztar Corp. , the new company that will operate Ramada 's casinos in Nevada and Atlantic City ,
Kawasaki Steel Corp. bought a Soviet steel-casting patent two years ago and has jointly developed the system with the Soviets .
The consumer-products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago .
`` Day orders '' expire at the end of the day on which they are entered , `` good-till-canceled orders '' have no expiration date .
Oil Spill Case Shows Liability Fund Flaws
Critics of poison pills argue that they harm shareholders by letting corporate management defeat takeover bids at premium prices and by deterring premium bids from ever being made to shareholders .
It was succeeded in the group by Fuqua Industries Inc .
`` They may feel emotionally secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says John H. Cammack , a financial planner with Alexandra Armstrong Advisors Inc. in Washington .
Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim president and chief executive officer , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently , and elected him to the board .
Convex closed in over-the-counter trading on Friday at $ 15.375 a share , down 12.5 cents .
Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam .
And jewelry makers are beginning to use many of the same marketing tricks honed in the aggressive world of cosmetics .
`` Interest by Japanese investors was limited , '' said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc .
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges .
In a declining London stock market yesterday , Jaguar shares were down four pence from Monday in late trading , at 694 pence ( $ 11.11 ) a share .
Little Rock , Ark .
Trading on little specific information , market players overnight in Tokyo began bidding up oil prices .
In the latest period , the company had an average of 370.8 million shares , 5.6 million shares below last year 's level .
Mr. Roberts also takes a swipe at the Bank 's adjustment lending .
Regarding your Sept. 28 Politics & Policy column on the party differences over cutting capital gains or expanding IRAs : Why not compromise now and save the public from the coming infantile congressional political rhetoric that seems to go hand in hand with the process ?
Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up .
Genentech stock fell 12.5 cents in trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange to $ 20.125 .
Those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company .
Serious injuries or damages were n't reported .
But Ms. Bertussi asked , `` Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ? ''
The ploy worked .
But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse , and the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days .
`` It 's either going to be a shootout , or there only may be one player in town , '' one person said .
The sterilizing gene is expressed just before the pollen is about to develop and it deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant .
Jaguar officials have indicated they are close to wrapping up a friendly alliance with GM that would preserve Jaguar 's independence , but no deal has been announced .
But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat .
Ways and Means veteran Gephardt ( D. , Mo . ) moves to the House Budget Committee ; Rep. Cardin ( D. , Md . ) replaces him ... .
GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30 % .
Still , he says that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
They would then develop priorities by identifying the least painful program cuts as they moved from higher to lower budgets .
Now the wildlife refuge has been closed to the industry , possibly for years .
Allianz did n't say whom , if anyone , it will support .
In a sign the stock slump has n't quieted Europe 's takeover fever , Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , Cie. de Navigation Mixte .
But the money is n't peanuts either , particularly for a news program .
Mr. Sutton recalls : `` When I left , I sat down with Charlie { Rangel } , Basil { Paterson } and David , and David said , ` Who will run for borough president ? ' And I said , ` You will . ' ''
`` Until now , we 've had no objective way of measuring motor function , '' says Keith Chiappa , a neurologist conducting clinical tests with the devices at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital .
At a time when most analysts and industry consultants say pulp and paper prices are heading for a dive , adding capacity and debt could squeeze Georgia-Pacific if the industry declines more than the company expects .
Batch processing is the high-volume , single-job data processing that most mainframes typically chug through at night , such as updating accounts at banks .
Frederick H. Hallett Vice President Industry and Government Relations White Consolidated Industries Inc . Washington
As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers and disk drives ; and microcomputer products , which include graphics , communications and peripheral control chips .
John Wilpers resigned as editor in chief .
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher told a Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , that sanctions against South Africa were `` utterly irresponsible , '' officials said .
Krenz , however , vowed to preserve the Communist Party 's hold on political power and said East Germans should n't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands .
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain .
As interest rates paid depositors were lowered , thrift withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 5.1 billion , not including interest credited to accounts .
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say .
As stocks and stock-index futures fell , a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit .
Under Chapter 7 , the assets of a company are sold off to pay creditors .
`` One agency should have the authority over all equity products .
The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets .
Product delays , however , have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively .
Tana , which holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas , will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves .
BNL called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in December to vote on the proposals .
Thus , in recent contract negotiations , Mr. Guzman Cabrera gave up the union 's right to assign 40 % of all of Pemex 's outside contracts -- an enormous source of kickbacks .
Now the White House is declaring that he might not rely on Congress -- which has n't shown any willingness to surrender such authority -- to pass the line-item veto law he seeks .
Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting .
It had been due to expire Friday evening .
In an East Berlin suburb , meanwhile , employees at an electronics plant formed an independent trade union called Reform , a worker spokesman said .
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained .
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen .
For whom is the saving ?
Most market participants said they were looking to this week 's inventory statistics from the American Petroleum Institute to give the market some direction .
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time .
The company hit on a new strategy : If the Defense Department is so intent on saving money , why not make money off that trend ?
The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement .
Mr. Phillips said the company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable , given that the company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters .
Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics .
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones .
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking , uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better .
Bond prices posted strong gains as investors went on a bargain hunt .
None of the problems is necessarily fatal , and they are n't all necessarily even related .
The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable .
If the pound had been tied to the mark , the British would have been unable to cut their exorbitant tax rates .
And those swings paled beside Friday 's 190.58-point plunge and Monday 's 88.12-point recovery .
Hiroshima city officials could n't be reached to find out whether they would drop Fujitsu 's bid .
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old .
Meanwhile , the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested .
Rep. Garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat .
There 's also resentment .
Judge O'Kicki , a stern and forbidding-looking man , has been a fixture in the local legal community for more than two decades .
It sees sales rising 45 % to 26,000 units next year .
Mr. Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly atonal rhapsody for solo violin with orchestral accompaniment , meanders until the propulsive `` Agitato , fervente . ''
Wilfred American said it will `` vigorously defend '' itself against the charges and added that the charges relate to procedures that it has since changed .
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices .
Judging by a poll of Wall Street Journal readers conducted this summer by Erdos & Morgan Inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart .
The conceptual base -- a criminal-justice approach -- is the same that I have worked through before , in the Nixon administration when I was budget director and secretary of the treasury with jurisdiction over the Customs .
If not now , when ?
Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away .
Millions of refugees would rush home .
In the asset-backed market , a big offering of Ford Motor Credit Corp . auto-loan securities was increased in size after strong institutional demand .
This change comes less from a shift in public opinion , which has n't changed much on abortion over the past decade , than in the boundaries of the debate .
But Navigation Mixte is loosely held and hard to defend .
Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers . ''
Analysts worry that the disk-drive and leasing problems will last at least through the first quarter .
He argues that the dollar is now `` moving sideways , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . ''
The policy was contained in an exchange of letters last October between the Senate intelligence committee and the CIA and National Security Council .
With less capital coming in , China 's balance of payments would suffer .
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market .
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph .
Like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound , Ms. Bogart has said that her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to `` make it new . ''
These critics are backed by several academic studies showing that the adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods .
The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement .
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. said business failures fell 17.8 % to 11,586 in the third quarter from 14,099 in the year-earlier period .
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres .
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one-yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima .
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were up 3\/8 yesterday in a down market , closing at 10 3\/8 .
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic .
But observers expect broad support .
Liability in the bridge and road collapses will revolve around whether government took `` reasonable care '' to build and maintain the structures , says John Messina , a Tacoma , Wash. , personal-injury attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases .
Its Richter Scale measurement was reported as 6.5 , then 6.9 , then 7.0 .
Last year it funded its high employment by heavy borrowing , and it suffered huge losses when sales turned down instead of rising .
The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries , greenhouses and the lawn and garden industry .
Starting next month , Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700 , they said .
It came on the heels of a number of local newspaper articles suggesting that Mr. Paul has benefited handsomely from his association with CenTrust .
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized .
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity .
The five-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's comparable note .
But it gave ground to Mr. Inouye on a number of projects , ranging from a $ 11 million parking garage here , to a land transfer in Hawaii , to a provision to assist the Makwah Indian Tribe in Washington state .
At the end of the trip , any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars , with another commission due .
-- `` More often than not , college athletes go through college never really experiencing collegiate life to the fullest .
But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns to crumble and buckle under the weight of the second deck , crushing motorists who were lined up in bumper-to-bumper rush-hour traffic on the lower deck nearly 15 feet below .
The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint-implants .
Market participants said that the mark continues to post the most significant gains against the dollar .
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer .
The transaction , for cash and stock , would represent the biggest European takeover since 1980 for New York-based Marsh & McLennan , the world 's largest insurance broker .
Leslie Falls Humphries
The metal and marble lobby of CenTrust Bank 's headquarters is grander than your average savings and loan .
From the Mexicans ' viewpoint , vaunted tactics of methodical Japanese managers do n't count for much in a land where a saying says `` there are no fixed rules . ''
Diversification pays .
In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning .
Partly in response , a bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support .
Long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks .
`` They always listened , but they never acted , '' Mr. Guber says .
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 155.7 million shares .
The proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national origin : North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans , Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral .
It still does n't look like governments are coughing up everything they know .
One fan , seated several rows in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section where I was stationed , faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , `` We arranged that just for you guys ! ''
As many economists and businessmen see it , those incongruities underscore a paradox that seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990s .
Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options .
But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies .
Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November .
But administration officials were concerned over the bleak trade report , which showed the deficit in the country 's trade of goods and services swelling to a $ 74 billion annual rate in the third quarter from a $ 51 billion rate in the second quarter .
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries .
Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash .
In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances .
No figure juggling ; no witchcraft ; just vastly improved recording of some of our exports .
In U.N. General Assembly votes last year , Canada voted the same as the U.S. only 63 % of the time .
The sale , expected to close before the end of the year , also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park , Ill .
Arthur Andersen , the accounting firm , has increased its energy staff 10 % in a year .
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible .
Union Carbide Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 35 % from a year earlier on weakness in the company 's mainstay chemicals and plastics business .
Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is 49%-owned by Coca-Cola Co. , also said it repurchased about 1.2 million of its common shares during the third quarter .
Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and , of course , the outcome of further research .
CAPITAL TRAVELS to Europe as 1992 unification nears .
Prenatal diagnosis of genetic defects as early as the sixth week of pregnancy is increasingly common today .
For creating a focus for neighborhood life .
For these workers at the bottom of the mine 's pay scale , this is usually enough to overcome the temptation to steal -- a crime that could earn them up to 15 years in jail .
Mr. Ingersoll remains editor in chief of the company 's recently launched daily , the St. Louis Sun .
But I 'd also rather live next door to an incinerator than to some of the hog farms I 've seen ( and smelt ) in these parts .
The G-7 comprises West Germany , the U.S. , France , the U.K. , Italy , Canada and Japan .
There will be a lot of repair work that wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new constructon would . ''
Mr. Engelken , a rabid baseball fan , pores over the sports pages to chart the exploits of `` my favorite and not-so-favorite teams and players . ''
ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week .
Next March , the shuttle Discovery will launch the Hubble space telescope , a $ 1.5 billion instrument designed to see the faintest galaxies in the universe .
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults .
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually .
It 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout .
He expected as much .
UAL has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since disclosure of the buy-out 's collapse jolted the stock market .
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ) .
It 's not a zero-sum game . ''
Future witnesses include a former federal S&L regulator who has accused the five senators of attempting to `` subvert '' the regulatory process by intervening on behalf of Mr. Keating .
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health-club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion .
`` They either pick it up , '' he says , `` or they start pulling from a fresh direction . ''
Recognition Equipment said it expected to put the agreement with Prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in January .
James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men .
Geoffrey Kalmus , counsel to the official creditors committee , said that under the United Illuminating plan , unsecured creditors would be paid in full credits and interest of about $ 855 million , accrued before PS of New Hampshire 's Jan. 1988 filing for bankruptcy court protection .
The outlook on both federal bills is uncertain , especially remembering the 1987 defeat .
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . ''
The agreement also includes the purchase of Cross & Trecker 's Warner & Swasey ( Switzerland ) AG unit by a European affiliate of Murata Machinery .
National says it agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a 4-kilobit memory , next year .
At the same time , though , it must become more structured to better manage its growth .
It helped Dictaphone attract better engineers , and it provided new technology for other company products .
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson .
The study is to provide reporters , academic experts and others raw data on which to base further inquiries .
TeleVideo Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1,853,735 common shares , to be sold by holders .
SUGAR :
`` It pretty much confirms what we had been expecting , '' said Anthony Hatch , an analyst at PaineWebber Inc .
Revenue slipped 4.6 % to $ 835 million from $ 876 million .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris shares closed yesterday at $ 43.50 each , down $ 1 .
Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed `` child of the Senate '' and former staff director of its Banking Committee .
Why , until last spring , did the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan sometimes take several days to correct typographical errors in its paper work for international transactions ?
The five astronauts returned to Earth about three hours early because high winds had been predicted at the landing site .
In over-the-counter trading , Avery shares were quoted yesterday at a bid price of 93.75 cents a share .
The final proration factor will be announced Monday .
The Packwood plan would also include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would expand and alter the deduction for individual retirement accounts .
She would n't say what the premium is , but it 's believed to be about 40 % above regular daytime rates .
General Dynamics was sued by the families of five Navy divers who were killed in 1982 after they re-entered a submarine through a diving chamber .
Government Insurance Office of New South Wales ( agency ) --
Nevertheless , Kodak could n't risk letting HDTV turn its motion-picture film business into a dinosaur .
In looking at these and other policies , I learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy illustrations '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years .
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years .
Revenue fell 5.8 % to $ 407.9 million from $ 433.2 million .
Managing change , he adds , will require a lot more aid and a prominent role for the EC , especially in dealing with the question of German reunification .
Control Data also said it is developing what it called a `` supermainframe '' computer , the Cyber 2000 , intended for scientists , engineers and other users of generalpurpose high-performance computers .
The ghostly footsteps : `` Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating . ''
Gov. Campbell responded , `` They 're mentioning rope when there 's been a hanging in the family . ''
The three institutions are : Mid Kansas Federal Savings & Loan Association , Wichita , which had $ 830.5 million in assets ; Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association of McAllen , McAllen , Texas , with $ 582.6 million in assets ; and Surety Savings Association , El Paso , with $ 309.3 million in assets .
Many other tax benefits also were swept away .
The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others .
Cray said its order backlog at Sept. 30 was $ 315 million , down $ 25 million from June 30 .
One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work .
In peak periods that load may include 4,000 pieces .
Ratners , which controls 25 % of the British jewelry market , would increase the number of its U.S. stores to about 450 stores from 360 .
But the partners did n't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped .
But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all .
Earlier this year , the Fed denied an application by Continental Bank Corp. to purchase Grand Canyon State Bank in Scottsdale , Ariz. , on grounds that Continental had n't fully complied with the Community Reinvestment Act .
American Pioneer , parent of American Pioneer Savings Bank , said the sale will add capital and reduce the level of investments in subsidiaries for the thrift holding company .
First , why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century : Prior to the election of Franklin Roosevelt as president and the advent of the New Deal , government occupied a much smaller role in society and the prisoner 's dilemma problem confronting voters in races for Congress was considerably less severe .
Last Friday , after Congress passed it anyway , he hinted he was looking for compromise .
Sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen .
He says `` blaming futures is like blaming the messenger . ''
Among his favorites in his firm 's index are Legent , Silicon Graphics and Novell .
Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket .
Once a jury is selected , the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation accordingly .
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . ''
And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium .
American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency .
The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade .
Return on this fine portfolio has been modest when it has not been negative .
Many fly-by-night charities ride the coattails of the biggest , best-known and most reputable ones by adopting names similar to theirs .
-- Marvin Alisky .
It 's that we do n't want to .
The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 .
Mr. Boren does n't think all this influenced the failed coup this month , but he does concede that Congress has made mistakes .
But five weeks after the premiere , the series has floundered .
If the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer , it makes a profit .
Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co .
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs , which cost $ 425 and have since been copied by others , is a bit like straddling a recliner .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Wilfred fell 6.25 cents to 93.75 cents a share .
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 .
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Given enough of these , this will drive everyone out except the most hardy , '' he adds .
The high margin partly stems from continued strong growth in high-yielding consumer loans , which jumped 31 % to $ 17.47 billion from a year earlier , and residential mortgages , which rose 25 % to $ 12 billion .
The state could also increase gasoline taxes ; every one penny increase in the tax would yield $ 11 million a month .
At a yearling sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars .
Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds .
Former Rep. Robert Bauman , a Maryland Republican who lost his seat in 1980 after he was caught soliciting sex from a 16-year-old boy , has never regained his professional footing as a lawyer .
Under terms of the transaction , which was proposed in June , Doman said it acquired International Forest Products Ltd. 's 22 % stake in Western Forest , and Western Forest , in a related transaction , bought back a 22 % interest in the company from Fletcher Challenge Canada Ltd .
`` More than ever , people should realize they should have a diversified portfolio , '' said Jeremy Duffield , a senior vice president of Vanguard Group .
But the stark numbers yesterday -- when 282 votes were needed -- indicate the president is in a commanding position for at least this year .
The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations .
Bernard Leser , president of Conde Nast , added : `` Our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for .
He said IBM has not only hurt its short-term revenue outlook but has also been losing money on its leases .
This city of more than 70,000 is known for sunshine , yachts and rich residents .
Merieux officials said last week that they are `` highly confident '' the offer will be approved once it submits details of its proposed investments to federal regulators .
Now Mr. Phillips says he hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Express , American Telephone & Telegraph and Ryder -- by year 's end .
Call it the uninformed trudging after the incomprehensible .
In addition , its machines are typically easier to operate , so customers require less assistance from software .
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million .
The whole structure is extremely shaky .
In the hard-hit Marina neighborhood , life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes surreal .
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University .
Prudential Insurance is based in Newark , N.J .
The U.S. Senate liked the treaty so well it ratified it by a vote of 89 to 0 .
McCaw , the largest provider of cellular telephone service in the U.S. , already owns about 9.4 % of LIN 's stock .
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates .
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own .
The 57-year-old tax attorney never even aspired to the job of chief executive .
Moreover , if the Fed holds tight , it may be able gradually to reduce inflation , moving toward the zero-inflation goal that the Fed chairman embraced in testimony to Congress last week .
Athena eventually acquired exclusive rights to the technology and currently is developing it .
Net income included a gain of $ 708,000 on asset sales , the real estate investment trust said .
`` We had lots of internal debate about this one , '' concedes Tadahiko Fukuyama , a senior public-relations official .
Microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems .
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California .
The weaknesses of Continental exchanges are driving some fund managers to switch business to stocks traded on London 's stock exchange , which quotes firm trading prices for about 350 blue-chip issues from 12 major countries .
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake .
`` There will still be deals , '' argues Mr. Connolly .
The case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called sick-building syndrome .
`` There are no facts { behind the assertions } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview .
He may have gone overboard in his pursuit of good discipline , but is n't it interesting that some of the country 's biggest , most troubled school districts are choosing new chiefs from the same gravel-chewing mold ?
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily .
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 , interest-free loan from a Wedtech officer .
Mr. Booker , executive director of Ford 's Latin America Automotive Operations since December 1988 , was named vice president of Ford Asia-Pacific .
Deutsche Bank plummeted 12 to 645 , hurt by the general mood .
The guilty pleas would be made solely by Gulf Power , the individuals said .
Mr. Maynard claims this is a manageable problem .
Of course these turf battles are unseemly , wasteful and potentially dangerous and should be resolved in the interest of national security , but Mr. Lehman seems to be part of the problem rather than part of the answer .
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff .
And my time has come .
Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment .
All the ships are covered by loan guarantees from a state export financing agency , even though it 's not clear whether they will actually be built .
After years of quarreling over Bonn 's `` Ostpolitik '' , West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe .
Zaita the `` cripple-maker '' rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge .
`` The streamlined manufacturing process benefits our customers in at least two ways , '' Mr. Westendorf concludes .
Most of those markets had rebounded the day before from Monday 's slide .
Reina Berner
The Minneapolis-based retailer said it expects to pay for the seven million shares next Thursday .
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right .
I suggest that three themes have come together in the strange case of Dr. Morgan .
According to officials in Washington , the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias , it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega 's promises of democratic elections were tested next February .
`` By filing for Chapter 11 , the Merksamer chain will only need approval from a bankruptcy judge for the sale , not the hundreds of unsecured creditors , '' said this executive .
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % .
Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to fly these executives back to the West Coast and bring along portable computers , cellular phones and some claims adjusters .
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job .
Mr. Webster cites a four-page mailing from the United Cancer Council that offers a chance to win $ 5,000 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 5 to cancer education .
Politics also influences the government 's thinking on the anti-takeover restriction .
Today , we know that the accumulation of several of these altered genes can initiate a cancer and , then , propel it into a deadly state . ''
California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans .
Its stock also has risen lately , at least partly because it is considered a possible takeover candidate .
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.7 % last week to 1,816,000 tons from 1,828,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said .
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , Integrated closed at $ 1.25 a share , down 25 cents .
Or political arrangements `` to alleviate the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities and republics . ''
On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 .
The company expects all branches to reopen today .
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so-called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .
The biggest is the NFL 's contract with national television for broadcast of the league 's games .
`` Lion Nathan has a concluded contract with Bond and Bell Resources , '' said Douglas Myers , chief executive of Lion Nathan .
Company officials said Leaseway fulfilled payment requirements of its debt obligations since the leveraged buy-out , but `` our performance since the { buy-out } makes it imperative to implement actions that will further improve our cash flow .
A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs , and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration .
`` When you look at the economics , Traub needs a Japanese and a European partner to make it work , '' says one investment banker who follows the retail industry .
The latter comes from the perception , on the part of many people in network TV , that their only hope of keeping viewers from defecting to cable is to fill the airwaves with an increasingly raw sensationalism .
Also , maintaining current demand assumes no significant slowdown in world economies .
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company .
The plastics plant is located on an 800-acre tract in the heart of the petrochemical corridor that reaches along the U.S. Gulf Coast .
Quoting from the report : `` The stock 's narrow discount to asset valuation makes it a relatively unappealing investment at current prices , especially given the risk that our projections could be on the aggressive side . ''
They attached a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene .
And while imposing a statutory cap of $ 1.6 billion on future spending , the bill would give NASA $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe .
In the stands , people waved ANC flags , wore ANC T-shirts , sang ANC songs and chanted ANC slogans .
So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's .
Net income rose to 83 cents a share from 72 cents a share the year-earlier period .
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing .
A similar machine already on the market , made by Rank Sintel Ltd. , a unit of Rank Organisation , costs about $ 500,000 .
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts .
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers .
In addition , they argue he wo n't help Washington 's standing in the region by trumpeting the U.S. commitment to democracy less than a month after his administration played an ineffectual role in the failed coup attempt in Panama .
A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes , other West German banks follow .
Investment bankers and retailers said the turmoil on Wall Street may benefit managers who plan to bid for U.S. retailing units of the British firm because takeover prices may not be as high as before the recent correction .
Putnam Investment Grade Municipal Trust , Boston , was listed with the symbol PGM .
But some U.S. companies are negotiating projects that could be among the biggest ones to be launched .
The late start may be a handicap for the bank as Spain continues to open up its market to foreign competition .
Corporate Issues
`` The anecdotal data certainly shows that some of the people were not aware of the rapid onset of hypoglycemia , '' Dr. Toseland said .
Automatic Data Processing Inc. plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 .
TWO COMPANIES plan to market a new chip with ceramic circuits that store data even when the power is off .
Finally , IBM had to delay the introduction of some high-end disk drives , which account for 10 % of its $ 60 billion of annual revenue .
Credit Lyonnais Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 16 1\/4 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 102 to yield 16.03 % less full fees , via Hambros Bank Ltd .
The Weston , Mass. , utilities and marine-transport concern said results for the third quarter , usually a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company .
But the New Environmentalists oppose private wealth creation ( which , they claim , depletes natural resources ) and nuclear power ( even though it would counteract the greenhouse effect ) .
They 're very friendly . ''
Source : Securities Data Co .
At the appointed exit , the family pulled over , and Mrs. Engelken went to get her papers .
The devices ' most remarkable possibilities , though , involve the brain .
Robert Erwin , president of Biosource , called Plant Genetic 's approach `` interesting '' and `` novel , '' and `` complementary rather than competitive . ''
They lied to me on the recruiting trip .
Last week , just before the bank commitments were due , the union asked the U.S. Labor Department to study whether the bid violated legal standards of fairness governing employee investment funds .
Regarding Mr. Hunt 's taxes , he and the IRS have apparently agreed on a basic formula for liquidating his estate in which the IRS would get 70 % of the proceeds from a liquidating trust and 30 % would go to other creditors .
Once production hurdles are overcome , the chips could take over a significant part of the market .
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital , which has $ 300 million under management .
Both moves are effective today .
The Lockheed unit has 24,000 workers ; it expects to make the cuts through a combination of furloughs , attrition and retirements .
The authors , from Boston 's Beth Israel Hospital , say that 84 % of the 50 births they followed occurred after only two in vitro cycles .
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president .
It said sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter , but it expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year .
Mr. Straszheim expects he will take some heat , and he 's right .
The 57-year-old Mr. Gressette , who was also elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries , succeeds John A. Warren .
But we 're still at the beginning stages of some of these changes . ''
Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's `` floating-point unit '' , a set of circuits that do certain calculations .
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 .
Thousands more have taken to the streets in the last month in East Germany 's largest wave of domestic unrest since a workers ' uprising in 1953 .
Eastern and its creditors agreed in July on a reorganization plan that called for the carrier to sell off $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size .
Macmillan said Berlitz intends to pay quarterly dividends on the stock .
Welcome to the 28th Tokyo Motor Show .
The point of this 1955 novel , which spawned two movies , is that the soulless pod people replicated by alien plants are virtually indistinguishable from human folks .
He said it also agreed to sell a portion of its European real estate unit for $ 37 million .
The company gained shareholder approval Thursday to restructure in a bid to fend off the hostile takeover .
If these assumptions hold , voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner 's dilemma and have an incentive , at the margin , to lean Democratic .
Third-quarter revenue is expected to be $ 40 million to $ 45 million , up from $ 38.2 million a year earlier , according to Neil Gordon , treasurer .
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say .
With economic growth slowing , they say they believe the Fed should ease credit even further .
Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America .
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August .
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... .
For one thing , Pentagon officials , who asked not to be identified , worry that the U.S. will have a much tougher time persuading Europeans to keep some short-range nuclear weapons on their soil once Soviet armored forces are thinned out .
But investigators could confirm their theory only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport in Iowa .
Hans Stoll , finance professor at Vanderbilt University , says the current volatility in U.S. markets pales in comparison to the 1930s , decades before derivative instruments such as options and futures were introduced .
Revenue climbed 4.3 % to $ 14.31 billion from $ 13.71 billion .
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman .
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will spend $ 20 million to build a factory in Guadalajara , Mexico , to make telephone answering machines .
But the economy `` is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates . ''
And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since .
The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month .
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding .
To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress since 1932 and have been able to translate such clout into relatively more local benefits for their respective constituencies , voters in the South have had an especially strong incentive to keep such Democrats in office .
Note how the baseline program assumes a sharp increase in future appropriations .
Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices .
We designed a comprehensive program , and we worked hard on it .
But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest and OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that .
As if this were n't enough , the Senate Judiciary Committee is getting into the act .
The White Plains , N.Y. , oil company said Friday that it had acquired Tana Production Corp. , a subsidiary of TRT Energy Holdings Inc. , for $ 95.1 million in cash , with the rest to be paid in shares of a new , non-voting issue of preferred stock .
But Philip Morris has scaled back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 30 million to $ 40 million .
Likewise , mutual funds remained relatively flat until I made what was , for me , a serious investment .
A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- to marketing costs .
The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , housewares and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes .
Net income surged 10 % to 7.12 billion yen from 6.47 billion yen .
At an estimated $ 360 million , the project would represent the single largest foreign investment in the Philippines since President Corazon Aquino took office in February 1986 .
The Japanese are neglecting the opportunity to synthesize a new corporate culture based on a fusion of the best aspects of both national cultures .
In May 1986 , Dr. Blumenfeld gave Merrill Lynch & Co. about $ 40,000 for a federally insured certificate of deposit offering an effective yield of more than 9 % .
But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now .
A one-time noncontract full-page advertisement in The Wall Street Journal national edition will cost $ 99,385 .
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins .
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment . ''
Pacific Telesis says its Pacific Bell unit also was blocking about 50 % of its calls locally .
But the scope of Seagram 's Chivas promotion sets it apart .
Bank of New York is currently the seventh-largest issuer of credit cards in the
It 's a recognition that there was much too much fluff in the LBO market . ''
Consolidated Freightways Inc. reported a 77 % drop in third-quarter net income , citing expected losses in its Emery Worldwide shipping business .
And in anticipation of increased lending , the cap on FHA loan guarantees would rise to approximately $ 73.8 billion .
One of the studies , done at the University of Minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels .
`` He would , '' agrees the chairman .
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical-practice guidelines .
The lack of any new cash probably would still leave the banks dissatisfied .
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development .
New York City :
Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago .
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . ''
He predicted the problem will be solved `` very soon . ''
Altogether , Macy and its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide .
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital-punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
I mean it is a normal adult relationship .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days .
Liberty National exchanged about 78.64 shares of its common stock for each of Florence Deposit 's 5,600 shares outstanding .
Still , `` how sweet it is , '' he says , savoring the fat sound of the well-hit line drive that bounces off the center field wall .
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % .
But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it .
Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars .
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits .
`` When we were told it was Exxon , it was beyond all expectations ; what a coup , '' said Tom Lewis , senior vice president of Dallas Partnership , the economic development affiliate of the city 's Chamber of Commerce .
Peter Teagan , a specialist in heat transfer , is running a project at Arthur D. Little Inc. , of Cambridge , Mass. , to find alternative technologies that will allow industry to eliminate CFCs .
`` Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft .
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion .
Yet there will be people who will sob at `` Immediate Family , '' a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption .
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities .
Despite higher oil prices , exploration and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses and some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .
But acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the Farm Belt .
But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers .
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 5.42 billion , from $ 5.27 billion .
Ford is willing to bid for 100 % of Jaguar 's shares if both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely .
Mr. Krat indicated that completion of the transaction could take several weeks , and it was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if Integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime .
Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here .
Hells Angels was formed in 1948 and incorporated in 1966 .
Yesterday , bank stocks lagged behind the overall OTC market .
The spokeswoman said the company does n't have a timetable for the sale , adding that the board 's decision just starts the search for a buyer .
And in little more than a decade of being friendly -- and at the same time rocking the staid Swiss business community with some U.S.-style wheeling and dealing -- the 46-year-old Mr. Rey has grown from a modest banker to a billionaire .
`` I hate to dignify the publication by commenting on the obscene rating , '' Mayor Carolyn Robinson says , adding that cities have no way to rebut the book .
Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected .
And when he 's told `` Try a little tenderness , '' he shoots back `` I 'm going home to try a little linguine . ''
Unless the market goes at least one tick ( the smallest price increment permitted ) beyond the limit price , investors are n't assured of having their orders filled because there may not be sufficient trading volume to permit filling it at the specified price .
Would I have done all those things successively if I did n't think he was the right guy ? '' Mr. Roman asked .
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper .
In the port of Berbera , for example , hundreds of men of the rival Issak clan were rounded up in May 1988 , imprisoned , and then taken out at night in groups of five to 50 men to be executed without any judicial process whatsoever .
The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales , September durable goods orders as well as September personal income , personal consumption and the saving rate .
Stratus Computer , which reported earnings late Friday that were in line with a disappointing forecast , eased 3\/4 to 24 on 816,000 shares .
Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses .
In restaurants ( in this case , the Russian Samovar , a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres ) , she did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room .
Now , it 's Mr. Icahn 's move .
Jaguar hopes to reach a friendly accord with General Motors within a month that may involve producing a cheaper executive model .
Ko Shioya spent eight years as the editor in chief of the Japanese edition of Reader 's Digest .
Airlines also say their frequent-flier programs are squeezing profits because awards are being redeemed at a heavier-than-normal rate .
Armed with this shared understanding and requisite background information , each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal , submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule .
He and his family kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs .
After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek , he rigged up an alarm system , including a portable beeper , to alert him when Sventek came on the line .
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date .
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations .
Company officials could n't be reached .
A 60-day to 65-day supply is considered normal .
Once inside , she spends nearly four hours measuring and diagramming each room in the 80-year-old house , gathering enough information to estimate what it would cost to rebuild it .
To make matters even more confusing , the earlier U.S. experience made clear that Mr. Lawson 's tax cuts would have profound effects on Britain 's international accounts and the value of sterling .
The additions solidify American 's position as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier , behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines .
At Jasper Jeep-Eagle , one of the largest Jeep dealerships in the country , inventories have continued to swell .
In New York Stock Exchange trading , PS of New Hampshire 's 17 1\/2 debenture due 2004 closed yesterday at $ 82.50 , up $ 2 .
South African gold stocks closed firmer .
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view .
Instead , the Dunde ice-core record shows increasing temperatures from 1900 through the early 1950s , decreasing temperatures from the late 1950s through the mid-1970s , then higher temperatures again through last year .
Some of the would-be reformers , however , want to restore an arrangement we once had -- or , at least , part of it .
COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday , but then faltered and closed lower .
The maximum allowable property holdings for insurance companies would be reduced to 10 % of their total asset value , down from 15 % currently .
Companies with steady earnings growth could do well , she says , while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10 % .
PENALTY OVERHAUL is still likely , congressional sources say .
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit .
In the quarterly balance-of-payments report , those merchandise trade figures are merged with statistics on exports and imports of services , as well as returns on investments abroad by Americans and returns on foreign investments in the U.S. .
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , CSC had revenue of $ 1.3 billion .
He had worked with Mr. McDonough on an earlier project and recruited him as architect for the trade center .
( ABC stops short of using an `` applause '' sign and a comic to warm up the audience .
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure .
Only about a quarter of the respondents said they exercise to lose weight .
`` This is being done at the suggestion of { Mr. Drabinsky } and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , '' Ms. Kolber said .
`` But he may not have a choice . ''
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva .
The daily volume for Treasury Securities is about $ 110 billion .
The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds .
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
`` It 's a misconception that physical fitness is something for the young and middle-aged , '' says Michael Pacholik , sales manager of the LA Fitness club , Diamond Bar , Calif .
European portion of $ 700 million via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd .
The new round of bidding would seem to complicate the decision making for Judge James Yacos , the bankruptcy judge overseeing the case , because the company 's stockholders , unsecured creditors and regulators each are currently backing different plans .
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way .
Mr. Bauman received an encouraging letter from the recognized master of scandal survival , Richard Nixon .
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article .
She added , however , that charges already taken do n't take into account the potential effect of litigation involving the oil spill .
Revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion .
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate .
Kate 's Ma ( Louise Latham ) is a moral coward .
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting .
The earthquake 's toll , including possible deep structural damage , goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane , says George Reider , a vice president in Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's claims division .
Congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by subsidizing the development of beach communities on ecologically fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the hard-hit Isle of Palms near Charleston .
A spokesman said the plant , which will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto , will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) to build .
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 .
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan .
For example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy .
Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised .
The company deliberately understaffs , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit .
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets .
While many of these buildings sustained heavy damage , little of that involved major structural damage .
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here .
He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories .
TVS blames difficulties in peddling reruns of MTM shows to U.S. broadcasters for the problems at MTM .
Among active Amex issues , the American depositary receipts of B.A.T Industries fell 1\/4 to 11 3\/4 on turnover of 885,800 .
It is n't that major steelmakers have blithely ignored high technology .
But State Department officials accuse Israel of leaking questionable claims to embarrass the U.S. .
`` You 'll see the annual unraveling of it . ''
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health .
The company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , '' GE 's brief asserts .
Eventually viewers may grow bored with the technology and resent the cost .
Thus it is coming up short on a big bet that quick sales at higher prices would enable it to keep up with mortgage and other debt payments .
INTEL Corp. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 2.87 billion , OTC , had some damage and few people were at work yesterday .
Yesterday , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. said it postponed a $ 220 million senior subordinated debenture offering by York International Corp .
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured .
A banking department spokesman added : `` Commissioner Brown does n't feel that money alone is the issue here . ''
`` In every case , people would like to see a consentual plan , '' he said .
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 .
Despite renewed interest by the public in such topics as the environment and the Third World , it has n't been able to shake its reputation as a magazine boys like to flip through in search of topless tribe women .
Some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator .
Settlements reached in the first nine months of 1989 called for wage increases averaging 3.7 % in the first contract year and 3.1 % annually over the life of the contracts , the department said .
He paid $ 2.2 million , for instance , for a still life by Jan Jansz. den Uyl that was expected to fetch perhaps $ 700,000 .
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Congress may have lost any sense of discipline , but that does n't mean the country must learn to live forever with this mess .
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign .
Source : International Data Corp .
The U.S. Commerce Department reported a $ 10.77 billion deficit in August , compared with a revised July deficit of $ 8.24 billion .
Mr. Lorenzo made no mention of creditors ' negative response to his plan .
In 1972 , the Justice Department required that the electoral map in the borough of Brooklyn be redrawn to concentrate black and Hispanic votes , despite protests that the new electoral boundaries would split a neighborhood of Hasidic Jews into two different districts .
The White House said he plans to hold a series of private White House meetings , mostly with Senate Democrats , to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut .
According to Mr. Threlkeld , the bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries .
In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount .
The restructuring calls for a 24 % reduction in its work force over the next two months , affecting about 525 jobs , Cipher Data said .
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . ''
The newly chartered bank will assume about $ 125.7 million in 10,300 deposit accounts and pay the FDIC a purchase premium of $ 2.9 million .
The accounts , which billed about $ 7 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers , were previously handled at Bozell , New York .
Lisa Raines , a lawyer and director of government relations for the Industrial Biotechnical Association , contends that a judge well-versed in patent law and the concerns of research-based industries would have ruled otherwise .
South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand ( $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion ) in the third quarter , Reserve Bank Governor Chris Stals said .
Buried in the glossy hardbound catalog for the sale , however , appears the statement , `` Sotheby 's has an interest in the property in this catalog . ''
One of the major selling points used by Los Angeles financier Alfred Checchi in getting the takeover approved was that the deal did n't include any junk bonds .
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds .
Harris Ravine , executive vice president of customer satisfaction , was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment .
They 're trying to plug the various loopholes , but they 're totally unprepared for this . ''
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks .
But it was Ted Kennedy who scored most effectively with his searing portrayal of `` Robert Bork 's America '' -- the parade of imaginary horribles that would follow logically , he claimed , from the positions Mr. Bork had taken over the space of two decades .
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles .
Prices for general-purpose PVC resin have dropped more than 15 % since last December , he said .
The graph on the left shows how this happens ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) .
A person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it .
The newspaper Leninskoye Zamya said the committee decided the plan to parcel out economic powers previously exercised by Moscow to the country 's 15 republics `` does n't reflect the radical changes in the Soviet federation . ''
Because municipal bonds yields have risen at a time when interest rates generally have fallen , some portfolio managers are assuming that bonds bought now will appreciate in value as the municipal bond market rebounds .
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland .
Because most businesses put market share above profitability , to let a competitor 's addition to capacity go unmatched is to concede defeat .
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s .
He also backed a rule to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis .
This was George Bush 's own idea .
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements .
Tithing : Obedience to one-tenth Commandment .
His failures in those two areas deeply , and sometimes bitterly , disappointed many Indians .
The talks in New York are the first since Bush and Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze unveiled proposals in September to scrap existing weapons .
Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- New York and Birmingham , Ala .
Brooks Armored Car Service Inc. never wanted to get into money laundering .
The index settled off the high of 2117.1 posted after Wall Street opened stronger .
With stocks having been battered lately because of the collapse of takeover offers for UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , and AMR , the parent of American Airlines , analysts viewed the proposal as a psychological lift for the market .
Fittingly , the Tela Accords were nicknamed by Hondurans `` the Dodd plan . ''
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects .
Joseph W. Robertson , 61 , was dismissed from those posts , the company said .
In Honduras , where the Contras are a hot political issue , he promised to help unblock some $ 70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington .
For the first nine months , advertising pages in consumer magazines tracked by the Publishers Information Bureau increased 4 % from the same period last year , to 125,849 pages .
Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say .
N W Ayer 's president and chief executive officer , Jerry J. Siano , said the agency is holding `` conversations '' about acquiring Zwiren Collins Karo & Trusk , a midsized Chicago agency , but a deal is n't yet close to being completed .
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced .
And while today 's non-volatile chips -- such as electronically erasable programmable read-only memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory because they `` learn '' data slowly , ferroelectric chips accept data at very high speeds .
The complex is to be located in Batangas , about 70 miles south of Manila .
In Spain , anyway , the 73-year-old Mr. Cela enjoys some renown for the novels and travel books he wrote during the parched Franco years , the everyday poverty and stagnant atmosphere of which he described in brutally direct , vivid prose , beginning with `` The Family of Pascal Duarte '' ( 1942 ) .
At the heart of Israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents Jerusalem attributes to Fatah , including the use of bombs and Molotov cocktails .
The major question , said one holder who asked not to be named , is whether New York investor Bennett S. LeBow , whose Brooke Partners controls Western Union , is willing to offer a large enough equity stake to entice bondholders into agreeing to a new swap .
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the group said it sold 1,325,900 Anacomp common shares from Aug. 31 to last Wednesday for $ 4.48 to $ 5.84 a share , resulting in a drop in its holdings to 1,351,662 shares .
In the new guidelines , the Justice Department says that in attempting to freeze disputed assets before trial , `` the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant '' and `` will not seek ... to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them . ''
`` People hate to write , '' he says .
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.34 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.46 percentage points .
The bank said the increase in loan-loss provisions wo n't affect the payment of dividends .
`` He simply has n't explained why something worth a million dollars ended up worth $ 58,000 two years later , '' says Mr. Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager .
He said the current market `` is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry . ''
`` NASA did it right ; that 's the message , '' said J.R. Thompson , the agency 's deputy administrator .
Norman J. Harrison , chairman , will succeed him as chief executive .
Here are details of the auction :
The drop , following a 6.2 % decline in August , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the Fed 's anti-inflation battle .
The Treasury also said noncompetitive tenders will be considered timely if postmarked no later than Sunday , Oct. 29 , and received no later than tomorrow .
The Westin St. Francis hotel , which survived the 1906 earthquake and fire , currently is less than 50 % occupied .
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market-moving employment report .
All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P .
General Electric plans to use the characters to plug its Miser light bulb .
For interstate highways , the federal share normally would drop to 90 % of the cost of repairs , and the state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost .
GENENTECH INC. , South San Francisco , biotechnology company , annual sales of $ 334.8 million , NYSE , sustained no major damage and expects to be fully operational today .
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday .
The district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings .
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement .
No book contracts have been dangled before Deborah Gore Dean , the reigning queen of the HUD scandal .
`` Five were interested . ''
It does n't pay a dividend , and this trust needs income .
The move had been widely expected .
Many Americans still agonize over their own personal feelings about abortion .
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund .
The Food and Drug Administration had raised questions about the device 's design .
Friday 's Market Activity
He succeeds L.L. White Jr. , 62 , who resigned but continues as a director .
But most cases of non-violent civil disobedience are not nearly so benign .
All parts of the issue are callable at any time at par .
In 1988 , for the first time , economic growth came to a dead stop .
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote .
The rigid Ivy League customer , Brooks Brothers ' bread and butter , meanwhile is becoming extinct .
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs .
Fees 1 3\/4 .
Millicom said it would build and operate the system in Pakistan with Comvik International AB , part of the Kinnevik group of Sweden , and Arfeen International , Pakistan .
The plan is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court and others .
The new bacteria recipients of the genes began producing pertussis toxin which , because of the mutant virulence gene , was no longer toxic .
Still , the book produces more smoke than a smoldering sofa , along with a few flames , especially concerning the use of steroids .
Few market participants expect the U.S. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected .
And neither can your pilot .
Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought and that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee and other Sharon creditors over the next few days .
Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss & Co . B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % .
Dealers attributed most of the day 's gains to market-makers moving prices higher , rather than an outbreak of significant buying interest .
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market .
Older properties that still have a 1950s image are also vulnerable .
The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical .
But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board .
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks .
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars .
J. Thomas Allen , president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures .
The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , to bankers last December .
It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds .
So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out .
Total capital investment at the site could be as much as $ 400 million , according to Intel .
That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means `` we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing . ''
Generally in the quarter , overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability .
The more recent losses were really devastating . ''
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .
The company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets .
In addition , Mr. Alexander said , the worm sends strange messages to other machines at the center -- such as , `` George Orwell was an optimist , '' or `` Do n't feed the bats tonight . ''
In West Germany , investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction .
Moreover , ostentation is appreciated .
The stores they work for may be sold .
Unable to get a new law through a congress with a strong leftist bloc , Mexico jury-rigged the existing law 's regulations .
Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % .
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral .
The Army headquarters on the third deck of the Pentagon used to burn a lot of incense to him , but the Navy headquarters on the fourth deck made them stop it .
As a result , the effort by some oil ministers to get OPEC to approve a new permanent production-sharing agreement next month is taking on increasing urgency .
Virginia M.W. Gardiner
GE pleaded guilty and paid a fine of more than $ 1 million in the Minuteman case , which involved some of the same individuals and operations that are at the center of the dispute in the Philadelphia court .
Finally , Scenario 4 reduces the budget by 2 % per year for the next five years -- a total reduction of $ 287 billion .
`` There are still negotiations taking place on whether there will be a loss of jobs , which has been a critical issue all along , '' he said .
Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime prevention or education .
THE SUPREME COURT ruling upholding Missouri 's restrictive abortion law was Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services .
But so far Japan 's cash-rich retailers are proving to be cautious shoppers .
Occasionally , gross chromosome damage was visible .
We 've taken it on the chin .
QUANTUM CORP. , Milpitas , manufactures rigid disc drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 120.8 million , OTC , open for business , minor structural damage .
After the government lawsuit was filed against Lincoln , Sen. DeConcini returned the campaign contributions .
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 .
Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance .
Even some lawyers who have used consultants to their advantage see a need to limit their impact .
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months .
Many workers , especially professionals , want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees ca n't .
In fact , at one point Merry Chase ( Melinda Mullins ) , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry .
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position .
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters .
The antibody then kills the cell .
`` We would n't have had to refinance if a lot of the problems had n't been there , '' Mr. Wathen says .
But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session .
About eight firms will get the lion 's share .
A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and , for the panelists , mutual support .
ACQUISITION :
Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share .
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion .
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A rose 1 1\/4 to 22 3\/8 .
A two-part $ 75.1 million offering of wastewater treatment bonds by the New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust was more than half sold by late in the session , according to lead underwriter Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 .
An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S. .
However , when negotiations bogged down recently , WCRS 's chief executive , Peter Scott , met in Paris with another French firm , Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit , or BDDP .
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years .
In language that sidesteps the issue , Mr. Ortiz writes , `` The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is an essential element of President Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... . ''
People in the automotive business disagree over how susceptible younger Americans are to brand switching .
Measured the same way , the decline for black males was 14.2 % .
Just down the street , Chris Volvo invites serious shoppers to test-drive a new Volvo to any other dealership along the strip , and compare the cars side-by-side .
Missouri farmer Blake Hurst writing in the fall issue of the Heritage Foundation 's Policy Review about the proposed location of a hazardous-waste incinerator in his county :
`` When they were making the decision , all hell broke loose with the finances . ''
Consider , for instance , two bond funds from Vanguard Group of Investment Cos. that were both yielding 8.6 % on a recent day .
You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined . ''
Jeffrey L. Liddle , the two men 's attorney at Liddle , O'Connor , Finkelstein & Robinson , said Mr. Kelly began working at Dean Witter in 1987 .
Boston Co. , the upper-crust financial services concern that was rocked by a management scandal late last year , has had a sharp drop in profitability -- mainly because a high-risk bet on interest rates backfired .
But Showtime has continued to sign new contracts with Hollywood studios , and yesterday announced it will buy movies from Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , which currently has a non-exclusive arrangement with HBO .
Joseph Flom , of Skadden , Arps , Slote , Meagher & Flom , which became a leading legal firm in merger cases , said the case `` made takeovers respectable . ''
He previously held posts of senior vice president of compliance and senior vice president and general counsel .
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 71.9 billion , up 36 % from $ 52.9 billion a year earlier , the company added .
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . )
But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it .
Asilone , an antacid , was sold to Boots PLC , London .
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22-year-old student from Pasadena , Calif .
In the first nine months , net rose 1.5 % , to $ 458.8 million , or $ 4.76 a share , from $ 452 million , or $ 4.50 a share , a year earlier .
The first of three major sources of error is the use of labor input estimates ( mainly employment or hours ) instead of output estimates for those sectors , such as governments , paid household services and private non-profit institutions , where there are difficulties in assembling output data .
Twelve hundred miles away , rangers at a Napa County , Calif. , state park are among the many who do n't quite share the enthusiasm .
`` With Krenz , we just do n't know what to expect . ''
RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class .
Legal controversies in America have a way of assuming a symbolic significance far exceeding what is involved in the particular case .
The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure .
To help lay the groundwork for that fight , President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue .
He is also trying to get more stations in Mexico , where the Cowboys have a following , to pick up the games .
At Lloyd 's of London , underwriters still scratch out policies using fountain pens and blotting paper .
Row 21 of Section 9 of the Upper Reserved at Candlestick Park is a lofty perch , only a few steps from the very top of the stands .
Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown .
Holiday Corp. said net income jumped 89 % , partly on the strength of record operating income in its gaming division .
The new U.S. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .
This starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers .
His observations were taken seriously .
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open .
In the nine months , net income slid 21 % to $ 28.4 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 42 cents a share .
But two big New York banks seem to have kicked those chances away , for the moment , with the embarrassing failure of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. to deliver $ 7.2 billion in bank financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp .
In addition to owning HBO , Time Warner owns American Television & Communications Inc. , the nation 's second largest cable operator after TCI .
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor 's conduct has always been the common law 's method .
Mr. Ondaatje sold his stake in Pagurian Corp. to Hees earlier this year and is said to be seeking a media acquisition .
Also , chemicals sales were slightly down because of lower prices for vinyl chloride monomer and other chlorine derivatives .
Consumers , he said , are balking at higher prices on 1990 cars , especially after seeing the incentive-reduced prices on 1989 models .
A majority stake in Paxus currently held by NZI Corp. will be diluted to slightly less than 50 % after IBM acquires its interest .
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings .
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby 's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York .
In other comments , he said takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy .
Troubled SCI Television Inc. proposed to restructure much of its $ 1.3 billion in debt to buy time to sell assets and pay its obligations .
In major market activity :
`` Measure for Measure '' is one of Shakespeare 's `` problem '' plays , so named because it does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history .
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp .
That is , if the company reported results correctly .
Fujitsu Ltd. is lavishing the most expensive promotion campaign in its history -- including a 100,000-guest bash at Tokyo Dome -- for its sophisticated sound\/graphics FM Towns machine , which it advertises for everything from balancing the family checkbook to practicing karaoke , bar singing .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3411.08 , up
IRS statistics show that the more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include used-car dealers , entertainment producers , masons , roofers , and taxi owners .
The new closed-end management investment company trades shares of beneficial interest .
The Fuji is still small potatoes in the U.S. , sold mainly in fruit boutiques .
J. Michael Cook , chairman of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells International , said he believes the legal action by the British firm `` to be without merit . ''
A seat on the Chicago Board of Trade was sold for $ 390,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Tuesday .
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most .
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc .
Intel 's short interest jumped 42 % , while Campeau 's increased 62 % .
The state 's opposition to the use of dispersants , Exxon says , caused the Coast Guard `` to delay granting permission . ''
Rep. Waxman and Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem .
Convex also recently agreed to use Posix , a standard for the computer language called UNIX .
Merrill Lynch estimates that fewer than 10 financial institutions currently issue zero-coupon CDs .
`` It 's known they need the sugar , and the expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support , '' the dealer said .
But a dollar invested in long-term bonds in 1926 would have grown to only $ 16.56 , and a dollar put in Treasury bills would equal a meager $ 9.29 .
The 1988 figures were restated to include the results of Lorimar Telepictures Corp. , which Warner acquired in January .
As a fan of older movies from the 1920s on , I do not find modern comedies contain violence , sex and foul language to any greater degree than other recent movies .
Lynch Corp. said its Lynch Telephone Corp. subsidiary completed the acquisition of Western New Mexico Telephone Co. for $ 20 million plus assumption of $ 24 million of debt .
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction .
`` The highway system is screwed up '' by the earthquake , Mr. Engelken said .
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business .
Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 .
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly .
Shares of Kasler , a California road and bridge builder , were heavily traded , jumping 2 1\/8 to 9 7\/8 on 1.3 million shares .
Large and lavish , `` Traviata '' is another addition to the Met 's growing stock of cast-proof productions mostly by Mr. Zeffirelli .
One man trying to remove his car was told by officials to get out of his garage .
Ford officials , for example , crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory .
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 .
$ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group .
`` It 's all I think about or talk about . ''
Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days .
The 30 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in .
NOW YOU SEE IT , now you do n't .
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network .
Sales by category rose 24 % to 35.23 billion yen , reflecting increased production in automobile , airconditioner and electric machine industries , which are major users of wire and cable products .
When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back and made off with $ 2,000 and 280 blank tickets .
Microsoft 's surge followed a report this week of substantially improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
When Robert McDuffie was 14 , he got a chance to play in the starting lineup for his high school basketball team in Macon , Ga .
But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year .
However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier .
The No. 1 auto maker scheduled overtime this week at its Janesville , Wis. , assembly plant , manufacturer of the Chevrolet Cavalier .
Exchange seats hit a peak of $ 1,150,000 in September 1987 .
LIN added 5\/8 to 110 5\/8 and McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 .
But when Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures , the Rochester , N.Y. , investor said `` we complied with every law , '' and he denied any wrongdoing .
The day after that conversation at the residence of the U.S. ambassador , the Brezhnevite editor of Pravda , Victor Afnasjev , was replaced by a college classmate of Mr. Gorbachev 's .
Warner-Lambert shares closed at $ 109.50 a share , up $ 1.50 , in Big Board composite trading yesterday .
Evaluating asset-backed securities poses another problem .
Mr. Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply-side revolutionary , however .
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s .
Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication .
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than are Democratic members of Congress .
They offer these suggestions :
Shippers cut about $ 35 billion from their annual , inter-city truck and rail costs , to about $ 150 billion , or about 6.4 % of gross national product , down from 8 % of GNP in 1981 .
At the same time , personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo , which tore through parts of North and South Carolina in late September .
The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions .
Sources in the industry and on Capitol Hill say a compromise that would placate the industry while addressing the SEC 's concerns may be possible .
The plastic resin is used in a wide range of products , including siding , pipe and electrical wire insulation .
Not only is the typical Glasswork open-ended , it is also often multiple in its context ( s ) .
That gain probably translated into about 5 % to 7 % in dollar terms , well below recent quarters ' gains of above 20 % , reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds .
We would have thought by now , though , that there was a significant core of people involved in government life who understood that direct taxation is n't the only way to slow down an economy .
In July a year later , Warner agreed to release the producers from their old contract when Messrs. Guber , Peters and Sugarman made a $ 100 million offer to buy 25 % of MGM\/UA .
Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million .
Harold Jones , Lincoln 's chief retail banking officer , said there has n't yet been `` a discernible response , '' although the ad included a coupon that could arrive later in the week .
However , `` we are n't currently doing anything .
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs .
In 1991 , the Soviets will take a Japanese journalist into space , the first Japanese to go into orbit .
Indeed , the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9 , it banned another `` key Vision Banc insider '' from insured financial institutions .
Investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow .
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says .
An antitrust suit that Mr. Maynard 's company filed in Los Angeles federal court against the United Egg Producers and others only added to the entrepreneur 's woes .
Francis Dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars ( US$ 1.1 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange and the International Petroleum Exchange .
One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers and could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years .
British Air 's move raised new questions about the buy-out group 's efforts to revive a stalled bid for UAL .
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes .
A White House spokesman said that while Bush would n't alter a longstanding ban on such involvement , `` there 's a clarification needed '' on its interpretation .
Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again .
Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 3.90 a share , or $ 1.9 billion , but now those estimates are being scaled back .
Although Mr. Freeman is retiring , he will continue to work as a consultant for American Express on a project basis .
That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including Fireman 's Fund Corp. , based in Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. , based in Philadelphia .
`` The { buy-out } consortium ceased to exist because our American partners were not capable of organizing the financing , '' a British Air spokesman said .
Yaohan Departmentstore Co. of Japan is moving its international-operations headquarters and holding company to Hong Kong to gain from the British colony 's economic advantages and tax structure .
A group including ESL Partners Ltd. , a Fort Worth , Texas , investment partnership , and Richard E. Rainwater , a former adviser to the Fort Worth Bass family , said it reduced its stake in Anacomp Inc. to 3.6 % of the common shares outstanding .
Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture .
Only half the New York small businesses surveyed , for their part , are satisfied with the police response they receive .
However , Mr. Ortega was included .
Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent and travel , but a smaller portion is owed to senior executives and others for management services .
Both companies will replace the oil filler cap with a ventilated oil filler cap .
Foreigners would receive greater incentives to invest in the U.S.S.R.
Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled .
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion .
The agreement ended a long impasse between the congressional leaders and the White House over the wage issue .
It was the second time in less than a week that Quotron has had problems calculating the industrial average .
Bids totaling $ 425 million were submitted .
He expects the company 's trading business to drop as much as 40 % this year .
Kodak says its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video .
He also says CompuServe 's earnings continue to grow `` 20 % to 30 % a year '' in spite of tough competition from giants like Sears and IBM .
These firms are pioneers in a significant new trend in the corporate world : the rise of what I call corporate due process .
He said Bancroft attorneys are scheduled to meet with Mr. Green 's attorneys in Delaware Chancery Court at the end of this week to respond to the investor 's request for company records for the past five years .
Banco Popular , meanwhile , dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 .
At least two years ago , the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block .
Both reports are based on several thousand patients sampled in a 1985 nationwide government survey .
Anti-nuclear activists have protested the launch of the Galileo space probe to Jupiter because it uses plutonium to generate the electricity needed to run the craft .
Perhaps the shock would have been less if they 'd fixed to another low-tax , deregulated , supply-side economy .
Only a year ago , the chairman of Bond Corp. , who controls about 58 % of the company , appeared to be building a war chest to attack some big companies .
The other is Friday 's measure of October employment , an indicator of the broader economy 's health .
Still , the average price of such bikes rose last year to $ 145 .
Much is being done in Colombia to fight the drug cartel mafia .
Indeed , lower wages -- in Greece , they are a third of the EC average -- are n't enough to offset higher transport costs and lower productivity in the southern countries .
After last Friday 's stock-market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks .
Seoul has pointed to its lack of a foreign exchange market as one reason the won 's value remains heavily controlled .
For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 .
`` You 're not going to make it in a 5 % bank account , '' says James Riepe , director of mutual funds at T. Rowe Price .
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks .
For the quarter , BankAmerica said it earned $ 254 million , or $ 1.16 a share , compared with $ 190 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier .
Toyota Motor fell 40 to 2,680 .
`` The equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there 's a semblance of confidence . ''
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.38 , off 0.11 ; spot index 130.09 , off 0.71 .
Seven years late in the launching , $ 1 billion over budget and a target of anti-nuclear protestors , Galileo has long been a symbol of trouble for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
Adolph Coors Co. said William K. Coors , chairman , assumed the additional responsibilities of president , succeeding Jeffrey H. Coors .
HEALTH BENEFITS remain a central lobbying effort , even as Section 89 fades .
Mr. Deaver confessed to his alcoholism during his trial on perjury charges .
Certain details of the restructured facilities remain to be negotiated .
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 .
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
A GM spokesman said the visit is n't connected to the Jaguar situation .
Pretax profit rose to # 93.2 million ( $ 146.8 million ) from # 80.6 million ( $ 127 million ) , matching analysts ' expectations , which ranged from # 90 million to # 95 million .
`` It 's great to feel good for once in 15 years , '' says Harrison Hickman , a consultant to abortion-rights advocates , reflecting the relief of his compatriots after last week 's victories , the first major events since the Supreme Court , in its July 3 Webster decision , permitted the states to enact restrictions on abortions .
Saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business .
Still , suggestions ' net savings per 100 employees is $ 274,475 in Japan vs. $ 24,891 in the U.S. .
Besides being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos , the Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie .
On Friday , some issues fell nearly one point , or close to $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
So often are government statistics revised that they seem to resemble a spinning weather vane .
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said .
Beneficial Corp. --
Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc .
Wellman stock closed Friday at 39 3\/8 , up 1\/8 ; Mr. Sloan thinks that in a year it could hit 60 .
And in a footnote to the fall of House Speaker James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project that figured in ethics charges against the former Democratic leader .
Your priorities may be different , but here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all .
Thomas E. Lovejoy Assistant Secretary for External Affairs Smithsonian Institution
This being typed in a standing position .
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio , for instance , now holds about 15 % in cash and equivalents , nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year , says John Frabotta , portfolio co-manager .
When the smoke cleared , six people were dead ( three from heart attacks ) , and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at .
As previously reported , the account is troubled , with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work .
But Mr. Rosen responds : `` Whatever people want to buy , I 'll sell .
And catastrophes are getting ever more costly .
Democrats asserted that the proposal , which also would create a new type of individual retirement account , was fraught with budget gimmickry that would lose billions of dollars in the long run .
The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said .
But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer .
In Big Board trading yesterday , James River shares closed at $ 28.375 , down 12.5 cents .
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash .
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon .
Insurers , such as Cigna Corp. , Transamerica Corp , and Aetna Life & Casualty Co. , buy reinsurance from other U.S.-based companies and Lloyd 's of London for one catastrophe at a time .
WHO 'S NEWS :
The prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency .
But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles .
`` We are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , '' says Scott C. Newquist , Kidder 's head of investment banking since June .
Financial printer Bowne & Co. said it formed a business translation service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major languages , including Japanese , Chinese and Russian .
That helps explain why American employers grant an average award of $ 604.72 per suggestion , while Japan 's payment is $ 3.23 .
The Fuji , to be sure , has blemishes too .
Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started .
The company said in a statement that it expects to ship new products `` during the next two quarters . ''
Chicago has the largest population of citizens of Polish heritage in any city outside Poland .
Was not the title very clear ?
The Beebes now believe that a prime culprit for their injuries was fumes from an adhesive used in the carpeting .
Everyone was extremely long on sterling , '' Mr. Beale said .
The group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .
No one admits to anything , but India 's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations .
The market is still very touchy about rumors and news on pending takeovers .
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN .
Mining is likely to remain Trelleborg 's main business .
Books and tapes all over my room .
The transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed ; the seed itself is fed to animals .
However , about 120 employees will be affected by the agreement .
`` We feel we are doing everything we can , '' an Occidental spokesman says .
The companies in question believe the analysts are too pessimistic .
In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share .
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ?
`` At some point , it will become non-economical for one company .
( The painting is 10 feet wide , seven feet high . )
Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. and backup power and steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co .
Wells Rich Greene , however , in an effort directed by Mary Wells Lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business .
The company said a new chief operating officer wo n't be appointed .
And prosecutors declined to comment .
The properties held by FADA wo n't be sold piecemeal , Mr. Seidman said in a speech before Southern Methodist University Business School in Dallas .
The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft .
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself .
Tenders , available in minimum denominations of $ 1 million , must be received by noon EST today at Federal Reserve Banks or branches .
Instead , Mr. Bush and his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role and felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren and the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences .
But since the member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the `` Guidelines to Floating '' in 1974 , such difficulties have been avoided .
Given the seismic history of the Bay Area , `` it seems to me that a 6.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event . ''
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
That analysis matches up with stock traders ' reports that , despite the huge drop in the stock , UAL has n't returned to the level at which it could attract buying by institutions solely on the basis of earnings .
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan .
But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers .
Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact .
Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric ; it no longer , for example , lumps the bikes into the same category as motorcycles and other terrain-marring off-road vehicles .
Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties .
Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again .
Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data .
But the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court held that federal law did n't pre-empt the states from such a prosecution .
`` This is n't a technology issue , but an attitude issue , '' he says .
Mr. Holt is a columnist for the Literary Review in London .
To stem speculation , Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year .
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision .
Instead , he says , if the salespeople can get the customers to consider Wang 's products on their merits , he or a top financial officer will try to assuage the fears about finances .
Interest rates generally began declining last spring after moving steadily upward for more than a year .
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations .
The announcement , in which they said hostilities had ceased , followed a two-day meeting in Madrid .
Or , the investor can exercise the put , by tendering the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock .
And there is more volatility to come .
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey found that 53 % of today 's car buyers tend to switch brands .
Analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited .
As a presidential candidate in 1980 , George Bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine published that March .
A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours . ''
Only a government-sponsored bailout kept the crisis from swallowing the exchange .
`` And there he was , '' recalls Mr. Engelken .
Moreover , he says , Irish companies are small but spunky .
The appeals involved DES , which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use from the 1940s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy .
`` Who knows how much they 'll be worth 100 years from now ? ''
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more .
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point , or less than $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 of face amount .
The merged agency 's admittedly ambitious goal : to become one of the world 's 10 largest agencies , while attracting more multinational clients than the agencies were able to attract alone .
The LDP must make a decision immediately ; Lower House elections must take place before June .
Jupiter is so enormous -- its mass is 318 times that of Earth -- that its gravity may have trapped these primordial gases and never let them escape .
No major player in the SCI TV deal will talk publicly .
The meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research .
Formally upgrading the Sandinistas to a democratic status was an initiative harshly criticized in the Costa Rican press .
According to one analyst , Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York , the stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's , in particular .
Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares .
Why , they wonder , should it belong to the EC ?
The products are aimed at a market expected to total more than $ 1 billion a year in sales by 1995 , said Morgan Buchner Jr. , vice president of transmission systems for AT&T .
Mr. Taylor , a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis , won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted Republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Republican U.S. Sen. Trent Lott .
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion .
According to industry lawyers , the ruling gives pipeline companies an important second chance to resolve remaining disputes and take advantage of the cost-sharing mechanism .
Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default .
Foreign Bonds
He did n't rule out negotiations with Ford , however .
The report follows five-consecutive declines in full monthly figures .
The spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an `` off-the-record '' production book .
`` You feel you want one more -- one more at-bat , one more hit , one more game . ''
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience .
Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama .
Continued uncertainty about the timing of the consortium 's debut could make it hard to find a # 450 million cash injection .
But the `` real world '' also includes the unpleasant truth that colleges are cheating the athletes they have wooed and won .
This is indeed what the data indicate , particularly in the case of the House .
The spacecraft 's five astronauts are to dispatch the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on an exploratory mission to Jupiter .
`` But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . ''
DPC holds about 7.8 % of Dataproducts ' shares .
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction .
G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between Searle and a French concern .
The I-880 section had completed the first phase of the retrofitting .
ABC News has similarly branched out into entertainment gimmickry .
Perhaps Mr. Greve was confused by Congress 's meaningless statement of `` the national goal '' in section 101 , which indeed calls for the elimination of discharges -- by 1985 , no less .
Because mutual fund trades do n't take effect until the market close -- in this case , at 4 p.m. -- these shareholders effectively stayed put .
Business was n't disrupted .
Guarantee by General Motors Acceptance Corp .
Revco reacted cautiously , saying the plan would add $ 260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company .
Jaguar topped the most-active list for the U.S. over-the-counter market Monday .
The group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs .
By this month , it had more than doubled .
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures .
`` The first excuse is they do n't have enough time , '' says research director Thomas Doyle .
If these conditions are met , he said , the ANC would be prepared to discuss suspending its guerrilla activities .
The company did n't specify reasons for the strong earnings gain .
Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.93 billion ) .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
`` The power of price as an appeal , which was very considerable in driving traffic in March and April , has diminished , '' says George Rosenbaum , president of Shapiro & Associates .
Atlantic City casino owner Donald Trump is scouting the Las Vegas market with an eye toward building an appropriately spectacular place .
The administration 's concerns are understandable .
And they threatened to try to amend any other revenue bill in the Senate with the capital-gains provision .
David H. Eisenberg , 53 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit , based in Alexandria , Va .
Three companies , Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , Shell Canada Ltd. and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , applied to the Canadian National Energy Board to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 .
Mr. Lee estimates that about 10,000 property speculators are operating in South Korea .
In recent days , Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image .
Hold on to those funny braids ! you wanted to caution her as the sets started to roll around once more .
Michael Fisher , general manager of KTXL , a Fox affiliate in Sacramento , Calif. , said , `` The real question is whether the Paramount-MCA offering is practical .
Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions .
Matra said the sharp rise in its first-half earnings was based on a 15 % gain in consolidated revenue to 10.16 billion francs from 8.85 billion a year earlier .
-- George O. Ludcke .
But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today .
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . ''
All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume , cosmetics , household chemicals and sand candles .
Despite health-care cost controls and programs to hold down inventory , the professional division , which makes products including sutures and surgical stapling equipment , `` achieved solid growth , '' Johnson & Johnson said .
`` Some investors will tiptoe back in , '' says Richard Ross , a market research director for Elrick & Lavidge in Chicago .
At such prices , according to Mr. Savaiko , bargain hunting and short-covering -- buying back of contracts previously sold -- by speculators is n't uncommon .
Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling .
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday .
Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers .
Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons .
But it is estimated that at least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of spare capacity still exists within OPEC .
Tenders for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Wednesday at Federal Reserve banks .
Growth of 10 % would make sales for the latest quarter $ 269 million , compared with $ 244.6 million a year ago .
Revenue was flat at $ 1.3 billion .
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
Mr. Horwitz is a Journal staff reporter covering the Middle East .
Gabriel W. Gorenstein , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case for the FBI , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling .
But he also said that exercising a test line-item veto is n't a `` top initiative '' on the president 's agenda because he faces more-pressing budget issues at the moment .
The tender offer and consent solicitation will be made to debtholders in December .
Last week 's discerning audience gave a bigger hand to a greenhouse than to the tenor Neil Shicoff , who sang an aria inside it .
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory .
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . ''
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock .
In late April , when interest rates were at their recent highs , short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks .
Mr. Leemans said the hybrid rapeseeds created with this genetic engineering yield 15 % to 30 % more output than the commercial strains used currently .
Last year , the Cowboys ' share of that pie came to $ 17.6 million .
Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line .
David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and outpatient care costs .
Warner tells another .
Lawyers in Miami -- this time working virtually without impediment -- prepared to have him indicted on drug charges in February 1988 .
`` It does n't make sense to parachute out at this price , '' Mr. Steinhardt says , though he has stopped his takeover talk and now commends USAir managers ' `` operating skills . ''
Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million , or 3.52 % of loans and leases , from $ 667 million , or 2.68 % , at the end of the second quarter .
literally .
Revenue fell to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion .
September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August .
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country 's financial crisis , notably its $ 200 billion budget deficit .
Despite several spurts of dollar trading , it was noted that mark-yen cross trade grabbed much of the market 's attention .
For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on miscalculation and the defense of bureaucratic and political turf .
Blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as poker chips . ''
Especially his neighbors , the major U.S. steelmakers .
Frank Lavelle , who at the time was the marketing director for Sperry in Clearwater , Fla. , admitted participating in a scheme to bribe Garland Tomlin , the Navy official .
Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock .
Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans .
Hitachi Zosen Corp. , a shipbuilder buried in debt just a few years ago , will build a machinery plant , its first expansion in 14 years .
More than 50 % felt the same way about air bags .
\* USX , LTV , Bethlehem , Inland , Armco , National Steel
You 'll remember when you see the stunning footage taken from inside a hurricane 's eye , in this edition of `` NOVA .
That displeases many current holders , such as Allianz , which could n't be sure of selling all their shares if they tendered to Paribas .
The California pension fund 's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual .
3COM CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer communications systems , annual sales of $ 386 million , OTC , slight structural damage to headquarters , communications systems already fully operational .
British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers chemically removed stamp cancellations , regummed the stamps and sold them to U.S. collectors or , in large lots , to British businesses .
Royal 's suit contends that the Ammann acquisition was `` designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer . ''
For instance , witnesses in Voronezh say the pinheaded behemoths and their robot friend , after strolling around the city park , left behind some rocks .
The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called `` notebook '' PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor .
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the `` Eiffel Tower of Warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the resurgence of Poland . ''
So , while KKR today has an estimated $ 250 million sunk in now-shaky SCI TV , including equity and debt , the LBO firm still is $ 1 billion ahead on the SCI TV buy-out after taking cash up front .
However , unacceptable though those occurrences may have been , they still provide no excuse for wholesale departures from truth .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
Last week the British displayed unusual political immaturity .
The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , or $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier .
Analysts have estimated that Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million into the MeraBank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators .
Several observers interpreted Mr. Dozen 's appointment as an attempt by Daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of Japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition .
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days .
Texaco Inc. has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million , its first major acquisition since its legal brawl with Pennzoil Co. began more than four years ago .
It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste .
Newport Electronics Inc. of Santa Ana , Calif. , said Milton B. Hollander , who holds a 49.4 % stake , requested a special shareholders ' meeting next Wednesday to remove four current directors and elect an alternative slate .
Previous talks between Pittston , of Greenwich , Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful .
Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services and handles mergers and acquisitions , placement of securities and real estate .
Mr. Ingersoll later recalled that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S. .
Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange .
Small-company shares typically fall more than big-company stocks in a recession , he says .
Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration .
The current account deficit on France 's balance of payments narrowed to 1.48 billion French francs ( $ 236.8 million ) in August from a revised 2.1 billion francs in July , the Finance Ministry said .
In the past , not only would reputable professionals have rushed to check out such rumors with the company , but companies listed on the major stock exchanges were encouraged by the exchanges to respond openly to such inquiries from securities analysts .
But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly , many of Dr. Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title `` The Male Animal '' quite literally .
`` People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world did n't end Monday morning '' or yesterday .
Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas .
Of course , one option would be for Manville to buy out the trust 's shares -- which would do little to benefit public stockholders .
Revenue of $ 1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 1.72 billion .
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
The traders were executing municipal bond , mutual fund and other orders through a sister firm , Tucker Anthony Inc. , which is also owned by John Hancock Freedom Securities but is based in New York .
Ferranti said that it welcomes the investigation and that it will `` cooperate fully . ''
Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone .
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead .
So what does George Bush really believe ?
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive .
`` Investors , especially dealers , do n't want to hold a position over the weekend , '' a trader at Dai-ichi Securities said , adding , though , that the trading mood remained positive through the afternoon session .
Piggybacking on government assertions that General Electric Co. may have covered up fraudulent billings to the Pentagon , two shareholders have filed a civil racketeering suit against the company .
But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday .
The Tire King
It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price .
A U.S. counterterrorism official said experts are studying the Israeli list .
They are , nonetheless , high on Manville 's management .
Mr. Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , Calif. , enlisted his local congressman , and the battle was joined .
He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 .
But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say .
An additional 299,000 shares are authorized for repurchase under an earlier stock buy-back program .
Sock it away in long-term instruments ?
In yesterday 's edition , the amount of new capital was misstated .
Mr. Bergsma said prices for U.S. pharmaceutical companies remain too high , making it unlikely that Akzo will pursue any major acquisitions in that area .
That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by House and Senate negotiators .
The 1980s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in America , in everything from phone companies to colas .
`` Without some unexpected `` coup de theatre '' , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , '' said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet-Dupont & Cie .
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order .
Misawa Homes was up 20 at 2,960 .
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Video Telecom Corp. , which markets videoconferencing systems , is working with court reporters to wire a nationwide network to allow depositions by live television .
The board said the export licenses would be issued on the condition that Canadian interests would also be allowed to bid for the Mackenzie delta gas on terms similar to those offered to U.S. customers .
Different tactics are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher .
In January , the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex .
But even if no conscious life had evolved here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life .
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio .
One unit , called the Escort , uses a new digital signal-processing technology to detect radar signals much sooner than was previously possible , the company said .
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter .
-- Mortgage securities fell 7\/32 to 8\/32 but held up better than intermediate Treasurys .
According to one dealer , Japan said it has only 40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments .
And Robert D. Arnott , president of asset allocator First Quadrant , notes that before Friday 's tailspin , daily volatility on the New York Stock Exchange in recent weeks had reached `` historically low levels . ''
The plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with AT&T .
While Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France , it is being hurt by rising imports and from waning cigarette demand .
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .
Meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 44 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes .
Insiders say that not even their editors know for sure how much these show-piece publications , along with the newspapers , have cost Mr. Moon .
But even that group knows some people do n't use their machines as much as they should .
TASTY PROFITS :
Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs to rise about 4 % this year .
Consumer groups have long advocated that drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients .
But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites .
Reagan Era Young Hold Liberal Views
`` If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it through 1988 , '' Mr. Moss contends .
It is in the Western interest to see Mr. Gorbachev succeed .
Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says .
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all-important cause .
`` Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer .
Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen .
Alusuisse , of New York , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired First Boston Corp. to help identify bidders .
The CD trend runs counter to the direction of short-term interest rates at the Treasury bill auction Monday .
The dollar sagged against other major currencies in lethargic trading .
Next month , Northwest Airlines says , a 108-year-old Lansing , Mich. , woman is taking it up on the offer to fly with her 72-year-old son to Tampa , Fla .
All of the changes will reduce its overhead and streamline operations , Boeing said .
One chapter opens : `` World War II was not one of France 's glorious moments . ''
In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road .
Alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of GM 's planned tie-up with the British luxury car maker , the sources said .
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts .
An unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap for August dragged the dollar lower Tuesday , but profit-taking on short positions helped the currency rebound to close mixed against major counterparts .
NRM said its $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred units will be converted into an equal number of shares of $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred stock of Edisto .
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend .
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co .
If I die early , I win -- a hollow victory , since I ca n't enjoy it -- and if I live long , the insurer wins .
Long-term Treasury bonds rose slightly despite the arrival on the market of $ 4.52 billion in 30-year bonds offered by the Resolution Funding Corp. as part of the government 's bailout of the savings and loan industry .
Ms. Vidunas has been seeing some 15 clients a visit since the program was started at Heinz last year .
For instance , Commonwealth BioVentures Inc. , a venture-capital concern , last month invested $ 600,000 to launch Amira Inc. , a Worcester , Mass. , concern that will produce pharmaceuticals .
The Soviet Union abstained from a U.N. General Assembly vote to reject Israel 's credentials .
The turmoil on Wall Street may benefit some retailers attempting to lead leveraged buy-outs of their specialty and department-store chains , investment bankers and retailers said .
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag .
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices .
The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book `` Viaje a la Alcarria '' how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce .
Art prices are skyrocketing , but a good deal of legerdemain is involved in compiling statistics on sales .
Eighteen months ago a `` disposable '' seven-day model bowed ; a year 's supply costs about $ 500 .
Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities .
The only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is : ` Pay me in 60 days . ' ''
Apparently they are learning to say no to excess risk .
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent .
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 986 million from $ 937 million .
Follow With Care
Mr. Boudreau will remain with Penn Pacific as a director and a member of the executive committee .
The complex regulation , known in the industry as Order 500 , has been hotly contested by all sides , including natural-gas producers , pipelines , local distribution companies and consumers .
The Ku Klux Klan was revived in the 1920s as a national organization aimed at Catholics and Jews as well as blacks .
The latest drop shows the narrowing in the nation 's trade gap reflected in successive full monthly reports is continuing .
Poughkeepsie also expects to post a one-time charge of $ 8.3 million , resulting in a net loss for the third quarter .
The third game , last Friday night , drew a disappointing 17.5 rating .
But he said they are `` to a large degree , housekeeping , '' although some may generate some disagreement .
Among other things , the stronger devices may be able to summon forth half-forgotten memories and induce mood changes , neurologists say .
While American aid efforts have been limited by budget problems , yesterday France announced a three-year , four billion French franc ( $ 650 million ) aid plan for Poland .
Still , some aid is moving westward from Washington almost immediately .
`` If you want the presidency of the company , this is n't the firm to work for , '' says James Mogan , 45 , who was named senior vice president of sales , assuming some of the responsibilities of Mr. Lesk .
Reluctant to advance further on their own , some stores have settled for tie-ups with famous specialty shops .
And if that happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed , they say .
Among major issues , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 12\/32 , down 8\/32 point for a yield of about 9.35 % to a 12-year average life assumption .
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out-of-court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy-law protection if settlement talks fail .
First and foremost , Mr. Phillips said he hopes to improve client service .
In his letter , Mr. Finkelstein also referred to the recent San Francisco earthquake .
The action came after the Senate approved the House-passed measure .
At a nearby corner , they swerve perilously close to a listing apartment house , oblivious to any danger .
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. .
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan .
Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater troupes , the Goodman and Steppenwolf .
An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $ 1 price .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days .
Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs .
Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa and the Soviet Union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals .
Earlier this month , the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , the country 's central bank , appointed the managers to run the investment bank and pay creditors .
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement .
You might meet up with him at that bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10 of the New Jersey Turnpike .
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines .
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd .
Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients .
`` Margins will remain under pressure , and when the new mainframe does ship , I 'm not sure it will be a big winner .
Liberty National Bancorp said its acquisition of Florence Deposit Bank , Florence , Ky. , first announced in April , has been completed in a transaction valued at $ 13.1 million .
Eventually , the money funds ' success forced relaxation of curbs on bank interest rates to allow banks to offer competing yields .
Three top advisers to Mr. Davis visited New York late last week , at least in part to confer with executives at Citicorp .
The judge , they say , was fiercely proud of his abilities and accomplishments .
`` TPA sales are down quarter to quarter .
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy .
Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation 's Moslems a greater role in Beirut 's government .
We know Verdi 's own contribution was mighty impressive since the operatic `` Libera me '' was reworked for the Manzoni Requiem , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson .
Including those in the state programs , there were 143,800 Norwegians , or about 6.5 % of the work force , without permanent employment in October , up from September 's 136,800 .
Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract .
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights .
The $ 942,000 purchase raised his holdings to 74,000 shares .
The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily .
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , N.M. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays .
The state-controlled French metals group Pechiney S.A. said it has signed a preliminary accord to sell its Paris headquarters to Groupement Foncier Francais and Nouveaux Constructeurs for 2.76 billion francs ( $ 443 million ) .
He considered himself intellectually superior to his Peruvian peers , many of whom were wayward sons sent by their well-off families to the highly disciplined , French-modeled academy as a sort of reform school .
`` It 's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients , '' says Terree Bowers , chief of the major-frauds section of the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles .
Note : These figures are only for mandatory charges and do n't include books , transportation etc .
Egad .
Some stock-index funds are huge .
Mr. Train is president of Train , Smith Investment Counsel , New York .
The agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until `` satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent '' bacterial contamination .
Bowing to a mounting public outcry , three more major securities firms -- Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. -- announced Friday they would suspend stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .
Thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time .
Federal Express officials acknowledge mistakes in their drive overseas but say it will pay off eventually .
Engraph 's third-quarter net income of 15 cents a share actually was 7 % higher than the adjusted average of estimates .
So much of the stuff poured into its Austin , Texas , offices that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it .
The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest .
The market `` is going to wind down , '' says Gerald W. Perritt , a Chicago money manager .
`` We believe that the court will find it unlawful , '' said a US Sprint spokesman .
Priam had a loss of $ 25.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 7 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 543,000 , or two cents a share .
Even now , the American attack upon this tremendous problem is timid in relation to the magnitude of the threat .
Pockets exploded with one-yen coins .
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month .
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % .
One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest .
Mr. Steinberg made a $ 59.7 million profit on the sale to Disney of his investment in the company in 1984 .
But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue .
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
The proposed stock offering and issuance of nearly 1.8 million common shares in connection with the land purchase will bring MGM Grand 's total shares outstanding to 28.7 million , of which 72 % will be owned by Mr. Kerkorian and Tracinda , according to the prospectus .
Started three years ago , Chemical 's interest-rate options group was a leading force in the field .
Bank officials , however , showed him the door , and the sale never came off .
The expiration date had been Nov. 3 .
But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits .
Hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon .
His theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him .
Apple did n't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market .
Even then , opponents managed to get a congressional hearing to examine what one congressman called an `` unscrupulous '' method for breaking eggs .
Benj . Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 8 million , or $ 1.04 a share , as a result of adding $ 11 million in loan-loss reserves .
But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary .
The U.S. and Canada joined every European country except Albania at the meeting .
But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts .
At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human .
But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children .
JAL also has signaled it is looking for toeholds in Europe before the end of 1992 .
Ms. Jepson is a free-lance music writer in New York .
At least not when you are ascending . )
Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market .
Ira , himself , confirms this account .
Newspapers , including this one , have generally ignored his news releases .
The antitrust division of the Justice Department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools .
Council member Joy Picus , the measure 's chief advocate , considers it part of a `` pro-family policy '' that makes Los Angeles a leader in `` humanizing the workplace . ''
But wait a second .
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery .
Brand loyalty was stronger among older consumers in the Journal survey .
Many of those `` cyclical '' issues are in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which fell 26.23 to 2662.91 .
The executive made his purchases shortly before being named to his current chief executive officer 's position ; formerly he was Kraft General Foods ' chief operating officer .
Company officials say the flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets .
Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision , which abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts but is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988 .
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying .
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament .
I 'm 33 , married , no children , and employed in writing stories like this one .
The five units generated sales of about $ 1.3 billion in 1988 , almost half of Emhart 's $ 2.3 billion revenue .
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $ 3.84 billion plan , Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel 's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation .
The 23-5 vote clears the way for consideration on the House floor next week or the week after .
`` I think they 'll be able to move faster to make acquisitions in Texas , '' said Brent Erensel , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries .
Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money ( which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do ) .
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures .
`` We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products . ''
The company was able to assess its damage liability quickly because it has computerized maps of Northern California showing the exact locations of all the property it insures .
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % .
Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand .
International Business Machines Corp. made news this summer when it landed an unusual contract to manage all of Eastman Kodak Co. 's data-processing needs .
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles .
With talk today of a second economic miracle in West Germany , East Germany no longer can content itself with being the economic star in a loser league .
Appalled , Mr. Green never paid the money , he testified .
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch .
The defendants were indicted two years ago on charges that they conspired to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 130 million through a complicated scheme to inflate the price of land and condominium construction along Interstate 30 , east of Dallas .
They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen ( $ 140 million ) in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany .
Mr. Icahn has long believed , associates say , that the company , whose 1988 sales totaled $ 16.88 billion , is worth $ 70 a share if broken up .
The assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions .
According to Mr. Frawley , floor traders say there is good support for December gold in the $ 374 to $ 375 per ounce area , around $ 5.20 an ounce for December silver and in the $ 485 to $ 490 an ounce range for January platinum .
They 're going to decide what their employees can or can not read . ''
Officials familiar with the talks said Citicorp had discussed lowering the offer to $ 250 a share , but said that price was a talking point and that no decision has been made .
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation .
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI .
Mediobanca said during the weekend that it agreed to sell the shares back to Giovanni Agnelli for 333 billion lire .
Amoco Corp. said it plans to install two platforms and drill as many as 22 wells to develop oil reserves it discovered in the Atlantic Ocean about 25 miles off the coast of Congo .
Mark Q. Huggins was named executive vice president and chief financial officer .
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions .
They will have to revisit this issue , and they 'll have to revisit it before long .
Paul Wenz , a Phoenix , Ariz. , attorney , says a promise of unrealistic returns would have made him leery .
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion .
Overhead costs at some of the largest charities , in millions of dollars
A hearing is scheduled on the issue today .
Given such attitudes , some corporate masseurs prefer to go about their business quietly .
At the San Mateo Bridge , which connects the San Francisco peninsula with the East Bay , police were surprised at the speed with which traffic moved .
The dissident pilots oppose the plan because it would cause them to lose their seniority .
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says .
Well , they can now go and audition there .
`` Without the exclusivity , most venture capitalists wo n't have the incentive to invest in such deals , '' Mr. Bock says .
On the other hand , Nissan 's sales goals for Infiniti are modest compared with Toyota 's targets for Lexus .
But stock-index futures have plenty of support .
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . ''
Each of the Class C warrants will enable the holders to purchase one share of common stock at $ 5.50 .
The move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced infection .
`` I have a mountain bike , yet as a hiker I 've been run off the road by kids careening down a fire trail on them , '' says Gene Coan , an official at Sierra 's headquarters in San Francisco , echoing the concerns of many members .
Amid charges of `` timidity '' on Panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency .
Mr. John becomes the latest of many music stars , including George Michael and Whitney Houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink .
Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did more than 60 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand .
California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area .
So far , it appears cautious about taking the big step .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 368.25 an ounce .
`` You 'll never know 'til you try , '' says a black skier .
UAL tumbled $ 56.875 to $ 222.875 on volume of 2.3 million shares , and AMR declined by $ 22.125 to $ 76.50 as 4.7 million shares changed hands .
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself .
He had been president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct .
Bridge and road builders had a field day , including Kasler Corp. , up $ 2.125 to $ 9.875 , Guy F. Atkinson Co. , up 87.5 to $ 61.875 , and Morrison Knudsen Corp. , which reported higher third-quarter earnings yesterday , up $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 .
Using it , would n't a proessional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner ?
Indeed , the stock market 's steady advance this year tracked with President Bush 's success in advancing his capital-gains proposal .
Foreign traders say the company is strapped for cash .
But when agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say .
At current market prices , the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 386 million ) to Trelleborg 's coffers , analysts say .
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market-makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100-share index .
The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less .
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore .
The Nobel committee made the first addition ; John Dingell 's congressional committee created the second .
A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users .
LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan but Aoun rejected it .
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power .
The tragedy , he adds , `` galvanized me '' to look for a way to prevent similar cases .
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change .
The OTS did n't say specifically why the action was taken against Ms. Garman .
They 'd like to see some other names in their portfolios , '' said Michael S. Appelbaum , first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton .
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects .
Treasury Securities
To meet the U.S. criteria , Israel contended it only listed incidents that involved civilians and occurred inside its pre-1967 borders .
`` There is a class of investor that wants to be exposed '' to the whole market , says Sandip Bhagat , assistant vice president at Travelers Investment Management Co .
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . ''
Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts .
But trading risk stems from credit risk .
If all of this seems a little stale , it 's redeemed in part by some tricky plot twists :
Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , Toronto Stock Exchange officials said .
It even took the unusually frank step of telling analysts in a morning conference call that orders in Europe were up in `` double digits '' in foreign-currency terms .
The estimated gain for Brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said .
National Semiconductor is getting ferroelectric technology from Krysalis Corp. in Albuquerque , N.M .
`` The pain is too great .
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc .
Japanese investors , reassured by Monday 's strong rally on Wall Street , erased most of that day 's losses on the Tokyo Stock Exchange .
The 282 members had paid $ 10,000 apiece for seats .
The Bush administration would also like to nominate a woman ; one possibility is former Justice Department official Victoria Toensing .
Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said .
It 's expected to produce about 62,000 barrels per day .
There are die-hard bodies , of course .
AC&R Advertising is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co .
If so , that will cinch the case for another shot of credit-easing within a month or so .
The painting , attributed to Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens , was purchased privately through Sotheby 's , not at auction .
Many aspects of the agreement were worked out Wednesday in Chicago , when Integrated senior managers met with about 150 representatives .
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . ''
The bursts often occur , they said , after they `` perturbed '' the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied , or switching the current off and on .
Michael A. Miles , chief executive officer of Philip Morris Cos . ' Kraft General Foods unit , bought 6,000 shares of the company on Sept. 22 for $ 157 each .
`` The slowdown is taking hold a lot more quickly and devastatingly than anyone had expected . ''
Ms. Levine told her employer that she was pregnant in February ; a month later , the suit says , the restaurant manager told Ms. Levine that she would be demoted to his assistant because he felt customers would be uncomfortable with a pregnant maitre 'd .
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP .
CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Cablevision System Corp .
Jim Beam Brands Co. , a division of American Brands Inc. , is the leading exporter of bourbon and produces 10 other types of liquor .
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . ''
The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount .
When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed .
Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes .
John Bruner , associate director of communications for Cincinnati Public Schools , said Channel One was rejected because students watching the program did n't fare particularly better on a 28-question current events quiz than a control school without the program and school absences were almost unchanged during the period when the program was being aired .
MEDICINE SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. declared a 3-for-2 stock split , and substantially boosted the dividend payout .
The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected .
But by comparison , this fluffy comedy seems like a gem .
In others a familiar old name still prevails , but the underlying game has changed .
Exxon officials said it will cost less to run its headquarters at Las Colinas than in New York .
The last of the measurements reported was in 1985 , but recent conversations with Mr. Scotto indicated that he knew of no recent changes in the trend .
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet .
Japan 's marathon economy , growing at 4.3 % this year , is now in its 35th month of expansion , and some economists are betting that the boom will outlast the record 57-month expansion in the late 1960s .
Completion of the project is expected by mid-1992 .
The hulk of Stalinism , it seems , will not quickly crumble away .
A four-day matched sale-purchase agreement , a move to drain liquidity from the system , was viewed as a technical move , rather than an indication of tightening credit .
But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out .
That 's the rule .
Leaseway said it has begun discussions with certain institutional debt holders to review the proposed private placement transaction , which would exchange the debt for new subordinated debt instruments and equity securities .
Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 .
The rivals currently are locked in a costly bidding contest for Hollywood film rights .
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down .
The West German retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year .
Her appetite for children also was large .
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have .
San Francisco lawyer Timothy H. Fine , who represents franchisees , insists California 's cautiousness helps protect franchisees from crafty sales negotiators who push unlawful clauses .
Some investors whose names were bandied about by traders as potential UAL stock buyers said they were n't buying .
Pilots , as well , routinely fly overtime to ensure that none are furloughed during seasonal lows .
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose .
Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment .
Like Lebanon , Israel is being remade by demography .
Managers have `` some very broad discretion , '' says an official at Walt Disney Co .
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall .
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % .
But this could be a case where we all might go broke if it is n't fixed .
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out .
Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , `` would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation . ''
In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares .
If convicted , they could be sentenced to death .
Both distributions are payable Dec. 4 to limited partners of record Nov. 3 .
Even so , Mr. Taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties .
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script .
And then , `` he wo n't panic , '' says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh .
Refcorp , created by the thrift-overhaul law enacted in August , will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions .
If it were n't for Social Security payments , more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line , Mr. Butz said .
Sales fell to $ 981.2 million from $ 1.02 billion .
He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved `` gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics . ''
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief .
Britain 's benchmark 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 2\/32 to 111 1\/2 to yield 10.14 % while the 11 3\/4 % notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 21\/32 to yield 12.95 % .
Honda has a tiny motorcycle called the Monkey , and a slightly larger cousin , the Gorilla .
The new breed of team owner , Mr. Jones included , has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs , and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock .
And the naczelnik shuts his door .
`` There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . ''
But if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away .
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
Mr. von Germeten , in turn , attributed the controversy to judgmental errors by accountants and accused Shearson of conducting a `` witch hunt . ''
IBM is five times the size of Digital -- and 40 times the size of Tandem -- and wields enormous market power .
Nearby Paul Craig Roberts , a distinguished supply-sider with monetarist sympathies , argues the case for Sir Alan .
The horrific details are only now emerging from a painstakingly documented report , based on hundreds of interviews with randomly selected refugees .
He should chop out both unconstitutional provisions and budget pork .
`` We think we can take it to the 18 % range over next 18 to 24 months , '' he said .
Janet Malcolm , a professional writer on psychiatric matters , wrote a series of articles for the New Yorker , later published in book form by Knopf under the title `` In the Freud Archives . ''
The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert .
With these incentives , demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it .
The conversion increased total equity capital by about $ 38.5 million to a total of $ 156.8 million .
The estimate includes the results of new stores .
Takeover enthusiasm may have been renewed when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $ 1.6 billion leveraged buy-out of American Medical International .
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. led the percentage decliners , dropping to 59 shares from 183,467 .
The panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere surrounding recent buy-out proposals , their apparent collapse and the volatile conditions in the stock market .
The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure .
Do n't forget , trout have very soft mouths . ''
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton .
If the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , would n't the value fall to the owners of the assets ?
Today , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year notes .
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted .
The initial costs are said to be in the $ 2 billion a year range , but that 's only the beginning .
He speaks only in Filipino .
Mr. Chips was a nice fellow , and maybe some day he 'll return .
`` Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , '' says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course .
When the deal ran into trouble , the stock tumbled ; it closed at $ 198 yesterday .
Friday , October 20 , 1989
Moreover , any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific because two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard , which is used to make shipping boxes , and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities .
That 's just what happened in the October 1987 crash .
In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA .
`` The city has issued so much supply recently that some people are getting a little concerned .
Rep. Edwards voices the traditional conservative view that it 's a mistake to put too much power in the hands of a single person .
State-controlled Orkem already owns 40.6 % of Coates .
Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible .
Many companies are hesitating .
As there is an effort to `` anchor the dollar '' either to gold or other currencies , the dispute is worth examining .
A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers .
Nuclear power plants are acceptable .
A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene , or in whom one copy is damaged early in life , is especially prone to cancer because he need only lose the other copy for a cancer to develop .
Nightlife is plentiful .
A series of newspaper articles accused the trust of short-changing the government over the Picop sale .
Intel also added 3\/8 to 33 7\/8 .
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month .
The law is meant to overcome delays caused by defendants ' use of foreign procedures to block U.S. requests for records , Judge Keenan said in his opinion .
Mr. Jordan of GM , meanwhile , still criticizes Japanese styling .
Under Superfund , those who owned , generated or transported hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup , regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time .
Mr. Cela himself was one of the lucky ones , his fortunes steadily increasing over the decades he spent putting out some 70 travelogues , novels , short story collections and poetry .
Mr. Engelken , says his wife , `` was overwhelmed by the whole thing .
$ 150 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 12 classes by First Boston Corp .
William S. Smith
Per-share earnings were enhanced by the company 's share buy-back program , which reduced the average shares outstanding to 87.5 million in the quarter from 95.8 million in the same quarter of 1988 .
The House Energy Committee will debate the issue later this month .
Mr. Hubbard , who died in 1986 , bequeathed the copyrights on his writings to his church , which licensed them to New Era Publications , a Danish corporation .
`` I 'm one of them who hope they will , with $ 6 billion in debt on the books .
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ?
The problem is one that East Germany shares with other half-states , such as North Korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc .
Although poison pills come in different colors and shapes , they usually give current shareholders the right to buy more stock of their corporation at a large discount if certain events occur -- typically , if a hostile bidder acquires more than a specified percentage of the corporation 's stock .
When the going gets tough , it 's tough to trade stocks in continental Europe .
The most extensive damage was in small towns near the quake 's epicenter , 80 miles south of San Francisco .
More than 100,000 claims against Robins are pending .
GOLF HAS BECOME the latest diversion for travelers stuck at some airports .
The rubble after the Armenian earthquake a year ago disclosed , quite literally , a city whose larger structures had been built with sand .
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium .
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded .
At one point yesterday morning , the Dow was down 80.53 points .
The reason is cost .
At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled .
The NCI report attributes the differences in mortality rates by race to different smoking patterns .
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Norwood said it 's part of a group that holds 525,546 Phoenix Technologies common shares , or a 5.3 % stake .
Consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running amok through the shopping malls -- or putting the economy at any great risk .
Federal officials seized the association in April , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy-law proceedings .
Mr. Lee also reported to the president that , in a separate meeting , Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin said the Chinese leadership `` looked kindly on the students who took part in the demonstrations . ''
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
ABB said a significant portion of the order will be placed with Dutch subcontractors , adding that a group has been set up for this purpose .
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark .
In late afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late Monday .
That target has been revised to 30 % by the year 2000 .
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results .
Alan D'Agosto , president of Panda 's Inc. , an operator of Arby 's restaurants in Omaha , says : `` All we 're doing is keeping the customers coming , but we are n't increasing sales . ''
But the delay could happen if B.A.T does n't get adequate bids , he said .
In Paris , Air France declined to comment .
Some , however , lowered yields significantly .
But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred .
But there were hitches , not the least of which was that , Mr. Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition , which was completed in January 1988 .
`` Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . ''
Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute .
Both banks have been battered , as have other Arizona banks , by falling real estate prices .
In fighting USAir , Mr. Steinhardt was pitted against another investor , billionnaire Warren Buffett , who bought into USAir to help fend off Mr. Steinhardt .
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business .
Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 .
Among the stocks featured in the market-makers ' squeeze was Sears , which closed at 107 pence ( $ 1.70 ) a share , up 3 .
`` The only question is , how deep is it going to be ?
The White House is purposely not calling the meeting a summit so that there wo n't be any expectation of detailed negotiations or agreements .
GPA is indeed talking about leasing Western planes to Aeroflot and even about buying Soviet-built Tupolev 204s .
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's consolidated debt totals 6.9 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 5.32 billion ) , including A$ 1.6 billion of bonds convertible into shares .
Moreover , `` it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one . ''
A new fund , its operating expenses are being temporarily subsidized by the sponsor .
In the interview , Mr. Reuter said he is thinking foremost of cooperation in the truck sector , but `` in the long run , I do n't want to rule out that we can also come a bit closer in personal cars . ''
The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 .
Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity ; it is not an educational problem .
The association said its October index of economic activity rose to 51.6 % after having been below 50 % for three consecutive months .
In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say .
Keizaikai is one of a small but growing band of Japanese companies taking their first steps into American publishing , after making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here .
WHITMAN & RANSOM recruits lawyers from disbanding firm :
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
P.J. Mode , Wilmer Cutler 's managing partner , says the trial team that represented Mr. Bundy was asked by the firm 's pro bono committee whether the new case posed a conflict and that no objections were raised .
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower .
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital-punishment measure .
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck .
Dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since mid-week .
After being trampled in Tuesday 's selling stampede , the Nasdaq over-the-counter market dusted itself off and moved on in moderate trading .
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion .
A metric ton is equal to 2,204.62 pounds .
He resigned as an officer of Central Life to accept the Manhattan National presidency .
Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked .
At the recent meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund , the Bush administration announced its intention to decide by yearend the size of the next increase in the IMF 's capital base .
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.89 % .
Stock prices rose .
In post-earthquake parlance , her building is a `` red . ''
Cynthia Strickland as the long-suffering Varvara is a tiresome whiner , not the inspirational counterrevolutionary Gorky intended .
Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said .
He cut his rating to a short-term hold from above-average performer and reduced his 1990 earnings estimate .
Cuba was elected to the U.N. Security Council for the first time since its Castro-led revolution 30 years ago .
'' Mr. Allen objected to this analogy because it seems to `` assimilate the status of blacks to that of animals -- as a mere project of charity , of humaneness . ''
Scott Miller , an FASB project manager , said that a final rule will be issued before year end .
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship .
Despite politicians ' hand-wringing about the federal budget , the government ended fiscal 1989 with a $ 152.08 billion deficit , about the same as the two previous years .
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % .
About 33 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 63 % said one is `` unlikely . ''
`` The result may turn out to be a lot closer than people think .
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings .
`` Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up '' at a rate `` close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , '' said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co .
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity .
Index arbitragers argue that their trading is healthy because it links markets , but critics say such trading accelerates market movements and increases the chance for a crash .
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % .
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed .
The natural resources development concern said proceeds will be used to repay long-term debt , which stood at 598 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 510.6 million ) at the end of 1988 .
Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial .
So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months , fallen in four months and remained unchanged in the other month .
`` Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture , '' a government minister said .
Mr. Tonkin , who has been feuding with the Big Three since he took office earlier this year , said that with half of the nation 's dealers losing money or breaking even , it was time for `` emergency action . ''
IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars .
Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling .
The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc .
The young farmer makes money on the few hogs he sells here .
These include provisions relating to the technology and systems that must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures for exchange trading practices , the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders , and exchange governance .
In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area .
A spy was born .
NBC 's `` On-Line '' consumer minutes have increased advertiser spending during the day , the network 's weakest period .
The conversation was taped by federal investigators in what Mr. Lang said was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff .
Also participating in the issue was Servifilm Spain Cinematografica S.A .
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said .
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit .
The lethal shudders that wracked the San Francisco Bay Area -- rated a 6.9 on the Richter scale -- did n't match the great earthquake of 1906 , rated at 8.25 .
DARMAN'S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress .
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors .
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says .
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington .
`` We never thought we 'd own a car , '' says Kwang Ok Kyong , who just bought a Daewoo LeMans on a five-year loan .
British Air was originally attracted to the chance of obtaining a 15 % stake in the company , but was n't particularly happy with paying $ 750 million .
RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million .
`` She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , '' says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA .
Profit also suffered because of `` intense '' discounting in its long-haul trucking business , the company said .
Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel .
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's and SP1-plus by S&P .
But at just that moment , he is interrupted in his office by a servant in tuxedo who pours coffee from silver into a cup of china and dabs the brim with linen .
WHO 'S NEWS :
whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom .
That 's the highest estimate for a single collection in auction history .
In February 1987 , Bally thwarted a possible hostile takeover bid from Mr. Trump by agreeing to buy 2.6 million of Mr. Trump 's 3.1 million Bally shares for $ 83.7 million -- more than $ 18 million above market price .
`` No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says Zvi Yaniv , the president of Ovonic Imaging .
`` Under the banner that proclaims the ` renewal of socialism , ' '' he said , `` forces are at work that are striving to eliminate socialism . ''
He expects such a cut `` because of problems in several sectors of the economy , particularly real estate and automobiles . ''
With U.S. liquor consumption declining steadily , many American producers are stepping up their marketing efforts abroad .
At Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale , about 40 miles south of San Francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that `` there were no show-stoppers '' in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus .
`` Our intent is to spread them out '' to insure they are well integrated into the community , he said .
More than two-thirds of the systems shipped , meanwhile , were products introduced in April .
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
`` It 's serious stuff .
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % , compared with 101 19\/32 to yield 7.97 % Monday .
-- FINANCES .
With 15 seconds of trading to go , Mr. Jacobson , with what voice he had left , announced to the trading mob : `` We 're going to trade one price on the bell . ''
They , or at least something less efficient than today 's thin-walled units , may soon be making a comeback .
Our view is that given Congress 's attitude toward HUD , the place probably is beyond reform .
Two recent decisions by federal courts cast judges in the odd role of telling authors how they should write history and biography .
`` I do n't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market , '' says Mr. Patel , `` only a sagging tendency . ''
Term bonds due 2005 are n't being formally reoffered .
At the time , Quotron was reporting that the industrial average was down 70 points .
The White House announced that Mr. Agnos , along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda , are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today .
One of the busiest ghostbusters is Robert Baker , a 68-year-old semi-retired University of Kentucky psychology professor whose bushy gray eyebrows arch at the mere mention of a ghost .
One way to make the ruble into a major international currency would be to leave reserves of gold and earning assets in a Swiss bank with distributions based on Swiss laws .
At Hewlett-Packard Co. , the earthquake came just as the company was reviewing its own emergency procedures .
Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case but Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it `` silly '' and said he would fight it in court .
Corporate planners can plan again .
Hasbro said it had net income of $ 31.3 million , or 53 cents a share , up from $ 18.1 million , or 31 cents a share , a year earlier , when it took a pretax charge of $ 10 million after dropping development of an interactive video entertainment system .
The Macy 's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97 .
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion .
GM 's U.K. unit holds crucial talks today with union officials about its consideration of an Ellesmere Port site for its first major engine plant in Britain .
`` It 's an explosive cocktail '' thrown at the world , says Kenneth Courtis , senior economist at the Tokyo unit of Deutsche Bank Group .
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7\/8 to 45 3\/4 ; Amoco rose 1\/8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3\/4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5\/8 to 99 1\/2 .
Mr. Evans resigned .
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise .
Executives at Olivetti , whose earnings have been steadily sliding over the past couple of years , have acknowledged that in the past they have lagged at getting new technology to market .
`` Just because upscale cosmetics look like packaged goods and smell like packaged goods , it does n't mean they are packaged goods , '' says Leonard Lauder , chief executive of Estee Lauder .
So far , AIDS has stricken 1,859 children under age 13 , with many times that number believed to carry the infection without symptoms .
`` The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , '' wrote Mr. Finkelstein .
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ?
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says .
New York , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago .
Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . ''
American Home Products said net income benefited from a `` lower effective tax rate , '' reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in Puerto Rico .
The exchange , which abandoned such a `` collar '' last year because it did n't prevent sharp price swings , has been under attack recently for not taking action against program trading .
So , one analyst said , even though the long-term production problems may be easing , there will still be a significant need for copper over the next three months , when inventories will remain relatively low .
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category .
The pick of the group is `` Payroll '' ; it should be required reading for every college president .
The Soviet Union has halted construction of two Chernobyl-type nuclear reactors and is reassessing the future of 12 other existing reactors .
Par said it is cooperating in the investigation .
The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation .
All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history , compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles : greed , fraud and plain bad banking .
Though the bank is n't performing as well as some of its competitors in the lucrative California market , its condition has improved since Mr. Decker took over .
Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air , the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. , in December 1991 and January 1992 .
Mr. Brown , meanwhile , believes `` only one tax will be feasible , and it will be a one-penny sales tax increase , '' said Chuck Dalldorf , an aide .
Legitimate ranchers , who have an interest in preserving the herds , would go out of business .
Six months ago , as some personnel specialists saw it , a perception that President Bush really cared about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of Reagan-era neglect -- was prodding top management to raise hiring goals for females , blacks and other minorities .
Tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading Friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since Monday 's sharp fall .
Rick Lynch , a former top salesman in Wang 's Boston office , referring to Wang 's mainstay computer line , says : `` You ca n't sell a VS to a new customer . ''
`` Once we see an order , we expect it 'll be on line by 2000 .
`` We think that it 's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward , '' Mr. Fiorini said .
The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier .
West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 and 2019 and capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 .
The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian-language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day .
West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , seemed tethered again yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index .
Even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings .
Yet it still held $ 916.3 million of repossessed real estate , for which it maintains no reserves whatsoever .
Although Petrie Stores has considered seeking to acquire the remaining equity of Deb Stores , it has no current intention to pursue such a possibility , the filing said .
An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered .
Research does n't tell us whether people actually do read the magazines they subscribe to . ''
Dell Computer dropped 7\/8 to 6 .
The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid .
In a great restaurant , do n't deprive yourself .
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter .
Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use .
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a unit of General Motors Corp. , got a $ 10.3 million Air Force contract for airborne-radar equipment .
In the past several days , however , the U.S. 's central bank has allowed a key interest rate to fall slightly to try to stabilize the markets .
That contrast was reflected in the smaller weekly percentage gains recorded by the broader averages .
He co-founded the company with Grant Tinker and Mary Tyler Moore in 1969 .
The president was said to have been noncommittal .
Dataproducts Inc. said it filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court to block a tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , alleging that the hostile offer violates a standstill agreement between the two concerns .
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % .
HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says .
But any move by the banks to take over Qintex Australia 's management could threaten its ability to operate its national television network under Australian broadcast license rules .
Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a `` moderate '' loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business .
The bank syndicate is made up mostly of European banks , but it includes China 's state-owned Citic Industrial Bank .
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar .
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months .
Mr. Moon planned to convert millions of Americans to his unique brand of Christianity -- in which he plays the role of Old Testament-style temporal , political messiah -- and then to make the U.S. part of a unified international theocracy .
Revenue increased 6.5 % to $ 42.25 billion from $ 39.68 billion .
Marginal operations and assets have been sold .
`` Unfortunately , '' Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , `` those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control . ''
People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves .
Profit from continuing operations rose 19 % .
That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock .
If Mr. Gates had been allowed to say these things , we would now be hearing about `` discord '' and `` disarray '' on foreign policy .
Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces .
Mr. Smith angered Federal 's pilots , too .
To tackle the problem , NFL owners have proposed setting a rookie wage scale to try to rein in salaries .
In other words , the growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % .
There is , after all , big money in environmentalism .
The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest in buying dollars against the yen to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government .
Carbide , like other companies with a heavy reliance on the so-called commodity end of the chemicals industry , was expected to post earnings sharply lower than in an exceptionally strong 1988 third quarter .
Norton and General Electric Co. last month filed a lawsuit against the former research manager , Chien-Min Sung , charging him with stealing trade secrets .
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio .
It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz .
Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago , a unit of WPP Group PLC , will handle the advertising account and syndication .
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna .
The company said it currently holds about 4.2 million of Innopac 's 13.8 million common shares outstanding , which have an aggregate market value of about 137.8 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 117.3 million ) .
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location .
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce .
`` Let this building be Steppenwolf 's legacy to Chicago theater . ''
December corn futures added 2.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 2.4225 a bushel on the Board of Trade .
Dow Jones industrials 2643.65 , up 4.92 ; transportation 1247.87 , off 6.40 ; utilities 213.97 , off 0.57 .
Despite the pain of adjusting , the cultural revolution has begun to yield exciting cars .
Meanwhile , Eurocom , which had held 20 % of WCRS 's ad unit , will pay # 43.5 million ( $ 68.5 million ) to raise its stake to 60 % .
Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company .
Security Pacific Corp. said third-quarter credit losses surged a third to $ 109 million , mainly because of sour Arizona real-estate loans .
Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy :
Prices on the larger models , which range as high as $ 13 million , generally wo n't change .
And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level .
An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization .
Precious Metals
It also can sell the right to regain the subsidiary to another party .
The Marina rescue center offered a very San Franciscan response to the disaster .
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted .
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks .
He called the sour loans `` appalling '' and added , `` You opened the file up and it just jumped at you . ''
Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart .
Details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue .
Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF .
`` We can lose money on this , '' he says .
But Mr. Stein said he is `` reasonably confident '' that earnings for the full year will exceed the $ 3.1 million , or 17 cents a share , in 1988 .
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf .
At Grumman 's Aircraft Systems Division , a cross-functional team reduced the cycle time required to produce a new business proposal for an important government contract .
`` At that point , { First Interstate } decided it was the better part of valor not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks .
Or that the president would have hurried to sign the bill `` out of compassion for her plight '' ?
Volume was 276.8 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 280.5 million shares Sept. 25 , the session before the August trade figures were released .
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce .
Former Patterson , N.J. , principal Joe Clark was no doubt the general public 's first experience with this new breed of no-nonsense administrator .
Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals .
StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada .
A federal appeals court struck down a natural-gas regulation that had prevented pipeline companies from passing to customers part of $ 1 billion in costs from controversial `` take-or-pay '' contracts .
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting .
Why would I consider giving up Fox , a proven commodity , '' for an unknown venture ?
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter .
Enserch had offered one-half a share of its common and $ 1 in cash for each unit .
If the company can start to ship during this quarter , it could stem some , if not all of the red ink , he said .
If the setting is exotic , the prose is closer to Balzac 's `` Pere Goriot '' than it is to `` Arabian Nights . ''
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds .
Weighing 6.7 pounds with battery , the notebook measures 8.2 by 11.7 inches , has a 20-megabyte hard disk drive and boasts a backlit screen that is 22 % larger than Compaq 's .
HealthVest , an Austin , Texas , real estate investment trust , said that Chemical Bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 3.3 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 120 million that HealthVest has outstanding under the credit line .
The Revco bonds are high-yield , high-risk `` junk '' bonds ; holders have $ 750 million in claims against Revco , Mr. Schulte said .
But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower .
Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints , and others with a `` relatively minor trade impact '' would be allowed to continue under certain conditions .
ABC , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. also risk losses if they outbid CBS for other contracts .
A spokesman says the governor believes he can avoid increases by relying on federal aid and shifting funds in state programs .
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon , as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC 's `` Nightline . ''
In the last decade , many corporations have embraced the `` utilization management '' cost containment strategy as a way to control health-care costs for employees .
`` That means that if the offense deals with one part of the business , you do n't attempt to seize the whole business ; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime , '' he explained .
In fact , Kazuo Ishiguro 's `` The Remains of the Day '' ( Knopf , 245 pages , $ 18.95 ) is both an homage to traditional English forms and a dramatic critique of them .
Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher , with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980 .
The World Psychiatric Association voted at an Athens parley to conditionally readmit the Soviet Union .
The rich image of Newport Beach also helps lend the con artists ' operation an air of respectability .
A pilot representing a group of 220 pilots hired during United 's 1985 strike filed suit Friday in Chicago federal court to block the takeover .
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier .
A company such as Federal Paper Board may be overly discounted and looks `` tempting '' to him , he says , though he is n't yet recommending the shares .
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .
Toto Co. , a Japanese ceramics maker , has developed a toilet that can check the user 's health .
Adm. Goupil 's comments are likely to inflame the broader dispute within the military establishment here over the role of Dassault .
Equitec posted a $ 3.3 million net loss in the second quarter on $ 11.8 million of revenue , compared with a net loss of $ 12.9 million in the year-earlier period on revenue of $ 9.1 million .
Eastern sought bankruptcy-law protection a few days after a crippling strike began March 4 .
Mr. Montgoris said the firm has a `` straight mathematical formula '' for determining compensation , based on the firm 's earnings .
The loss is a setback to IBM , which pointed to the Kodak contract as an example of its success in systems integration .
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger .
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate .
Instead , Valhi said , they may increase , decrease or retain their Lockheed holdings , depending on a number of conditions .
It is a competence and expertise that some brokers themselves , overwhelmed by all the new things being dreamed up for them to peddle , do n't feel .
The worm also looks for elementary passwords that confer more privileges on the user .
Up to now , Drexel has made a rapid-fire series of settlements with 25 states and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico .
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic .
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit .
The repurchase , coupled with an earlier buyback , will reduce the firm 's shares outstanding by over 26 % .
`` That means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp .
The most recent sales do n't appear to be option-related , he said .
The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment , instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates .
`` Chivas has an image of something you would savor , rather than guzzle . ''
That disaster closed the Pacific Stock Exchange 's stock options-trading operation , forcing those options to be switched to other exchanges temporarily .
Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill .
Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific .
But there are times when they seize up , and panicky sellers can not find buyers .
A resistance government would walk into Kabul .
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion .
The self-proclaimed father of on-site massage is David Palmer , a 41-year-old San Francisco masseur whose mission is to save the touch-starved masses .
The main capital-gains tax plan in the Senate is n't winning support from Democrats who favor a reduction .
Mr. Alexander of Computerworld said hackers have gone after SPAN before .
But in Washington state , small business generally opposes an initiative to boost spending on children 's programs by $ 360 million , fearing the state 's 7.8 % sales tax will be raised to finance the outlays .
Qintex Australia paid the management company A$ 32.6 million in the latest fiscal year .
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide .
A total of 672 transactions were announced during the latest quarter , up 13 % from the year-earlier period 's 597 , Grimm said .
The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide .
As she put it in a 1987 lecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design : `` I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a rhododendron and a tulip . ''
The segment 's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid , a lipid regulator , and Dilzem , a calcium channel blocker .
And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats .
Walter Kirchberger , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc. , said that offering holders a higher , $ 70-a-share price is `` a fairly effective method of blocking '' the Stena-Tiphook bid .
The health-maintenance concern said it reached the agreement with its court-appointed creditors ' committees Sept. 28 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in November .
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted .
But it 's more like an illustration of what Ben Stein describes in his study of social attitudes in the TV industry : `` Fear of violence and animosity ... because of race or religion , fear and lack of comprehension about the politics of small-town people ... produce a powerful wave of dislike of small towns in the minds of TV writers and producers . ''
Like the others , it is loaded with rye , wheat and oats in sacks labeled `` Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R . ''
`` Suddenly CDC ( Control Data ) has a competitive product to fight back against the VAX9000 , '' a machine Digital announced last month , he added .
For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan .
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .
But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared as stocks staged a partial recovery .
Aimed specifically at CD holders are so-called CD-type annuities , or certificates of annuity .
U.S. companies tend to favor suggestions `` that go for the home runs , '' says Gary Floss , vice president of corporate quality at Control Data Corp .
It does n't help that sometimes Ms. Rose 's language fails to deliver the effect she appears to want .
A decision is n't expected until some time next year .
The firm 's new head of mergers and acquisitions under Mr. Newquist , B.J. Megargel , talks of the opportunity to `` rebuild a franchise '' at Kidder .
The company 's ability to respond to energy needs world-wide will be enhanced through a recently announced venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Mr. Lego said .
Prospect slipped 25 cents to $ 10.50 in national over-the-counter trading .
`` Only two classes of minds would think of this -- very weak human players , and computers , '' said Edmar Mednis , the expert commentator for the match , which was attended by hundreds of chess fans .
Telelawyer is apparently the only telephone service that offers the telephone equivalent of an office visit .
`` We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , '' says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group .
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him .
The company can go about its business .
I heard parts of the building above my head cracking .
It 's a script pieced together from interviews by CBS News for a re-enactment , a dramatic rendering by an actor of Mr. Hoffman 's ultimately unsuccessful struggle with depression .
Mr. Thomson sent off a card to Martha : `` It does n't seem like 25 years since I hit that home run to celebrate your birth , '' it read .
Gonzalez , who pledged to help monitor voting in Nicaragua , was said to be carrying proposals for free elections in Panama .
Aetna , which has nearly 3,000 adjusters , had deployed about 750 of them in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston .
So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols .
Computer-generated videos help .
Unlike stop orders -- which are filled at the market price when the stop price is hit -- stop-limit orders demand that the trades be made only at the specified price .
The new pricing strategy `` is working , '' the spokesman asserted .
The word is out .
Viacom said it also restructured bank debt under a $ 1.5 billion unsecured bank agreement that offers significant interest rate savings .
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading .
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court .
Earlier this year , New York Life Insurance Co. agreed to acquire Windsor Group Ltd. , a first step toward establishing a presence in the European market ahead of 1992 .
Volume in the second section was estimated at 30 million shares , up from 28 million Thursday .
We 'd get our asses kicked . ''
This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . ''
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital .
`` While Mr. Reuter 's comments please us very much , there currently are no talks in progress regarding the automotive industry , '' a Fiat spokeswoman said .
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February .
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies .
Gandhi 's family has ruled independent India for all but five years of its 42-year history .
It could be a long wait , say some industry observers .
Showtime has also accused HBO of locking up the lion 's share of Hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios .
Mr. Utsumi said the most the ministry had ever done was ask Japanese banks about `` the status of their participation '' in one previous U.S. leveraged buy-out .
In the end , Mr. Davis used junk bonds so that he could raise Paramount 's bid to $ 200 a share .
CMS management said Thursday that they planned to recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met Friday .
In the past , associates learned the basics from senior lawyers who acted as mentors .
Arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value .
Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s .
In an interview , he said federal regulators eventually declared one of the loans the state regulator cited to be a total loss , and forced Lincoln to make an $ 18 million downward adjustment on another .
Estimated volume was 3.5 million ounces .
`` We wanted to show it 's okay if you fall , '' says Ms. Dillmann .
Experts caution that it is far too soon for reliable estimates of the quake 's total damage , but it 's clear that insurers are likely to pay out enormous sums .
The project has already acquired a certain New York cachet .
Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter .
It assessed nearly $ 500,000 against a cruise-ship company that carried about 100 deckhands , cooks , bartenders , entertainers and other employees as self-employed independents .
The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .
But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in .
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far .
Against this backdrop , one thing that does n't seem likely to result from 1992 is a single European stock market .
Friends pitched in .
John Markese , director of research for the American Association of Individual Investors , raises a cautionary note .
Uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives .
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict .
Forecasting is only one part of Litigation Sciences ' work .
He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
The Hawaii Banana Industry Association , to which nearly all of them belong , has no lobbyist .
The music is not especially pianistic ; indeed , it 's hard to imagine a bad performance of it .
Goodyear 's stock , which has been weak in recent weeks , fell $ 2.875 yesterday to close at $ 43.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange .
`` We will not go over a certain level , '' said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , Mich .
For example , infertile couples who have the woman 's eggs fertilized in the test tube usually have several eggs fertilized at a time .
But on Oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate .
The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank or Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust .
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 5\/32 , down 3\/32 .
Some U.S. entrepreneurs operate on a smaller scale .
Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate .
Whitman & Ransom managing partner Maged F. Riad said the Golenbock recruits will enhance the firm 's corporate and litigation departments .
`` From the beginning , it took a man with extraordinary qualities to succeed in Mexico , '' says Kimihide Takimura , president of Mitsui group 's Kensetsu Engineering Inc. unit .
Delmed also would receive the North American rights to certain Fresenius AG products .
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % .
He might have added an interesting historical fact : The last Series sweep , by the Cincinnati Reds , came in 1976 , which also was the first year of baseball player free agency .
He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets .
Sales nationally rose 3.9 % through July , the latest month for which the figures are available , the council said .
Whatever the outcome of a test case , President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would `` antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans , '' says Louis Fisher , a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations .
Both women say they also find it distasteful that CBS News is apparently concentrating on Mr. Hoffman 's problems as a manic-depressive .
With investment banking as Kidder 's `` lead business , '' where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ?
`` I accept the resolution of the matter by the Ethics Committee , '' he said .
It said the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals .
Mr. Breeden , not missing a chance to press his agenda , cited the earthquake .
We recall that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to Hurricane Hugo .
`` People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision '' for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries , a Citicorp spokesman said .
Mr. Stevens said he expects the new price will be considerably lower , but declined to specify a figure .
While there have been no reports of similar sudden unexplained deaths among diabetics in the U.S. , Dr. Sobel said the FDA plans to examine Dr. Toseland 's evidence and is considering its own study here .
Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor .
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . ''
All this causes Rep. Hyde to muse about an alternate way to drum up more enthusiasm .
On Friday , Mr. Safer , a Newark , N.J. , textile businessman , signed a confidentiality agreement under which United Merchants would provide him with nonpublic information .
Mr. Reed admitted he conspired to conceal an agreement not to enforce loan guarantees executed by Dallas real-estate developers A. Starke Taylor III and George S. Watson , both of whom were FirstSouth stockholders .
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas .
Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , `` His policies went beyond his control and resulted ... in riots and disturbances '' and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience `` resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment . ''
Mr. Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each .
Analysts estimate Colgate 's sales of household products in the U.S. were flat for the quarter , and they estimated operating margins at only 1 % to 3 % .
The company attributed much of the growth in earnings to increased demand for its systems productivity software .
For Ms. Johnson , dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience .
TRANSAMERICA CORP. , San Francisco , financial services and insurance company , annual sales of $ 7.9 billion , NYSE , said its headquarters , the well-known downtown pyramid-shaped building , was intact but closed yesterday .
`` Our { computer } model has a certain trigger point , '' he said .
A professional magician and musician , he heads the Pittsburgh branch of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal .
British Satellite , which already has raised # 423.5 million from 10 backers , initially expected to seek an additional # 400 million .
Under Chapter 11 , a company operates under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay debts .
Come daybreak , eight family members and two other workers unroll a sheet of raw rubber that covers the floor of the house and spills out onto the street .
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains .
They were protecting his interests . ''
AIDS dementia -- which gradually steals children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome .
There is n't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold , he said .
But does it have to be so soon ?
I suggest that The Wall Street Journal ( as well as other U.S. news publications of like mind ) should put its money where its mouth is : Lend computer equipment to replace that damaged at El Espectador , buy ad space , publish stories under the bylines of El Espectador journalists .
The third part , consisting of $ 18.5 million of 12 1\/8 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1996 , was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75 % .
`` There 's just too much silver around , '' says Tom Butler , an analyst at Samuel Montagu & Co. , a London bullion house .
Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape .
Then the state put in a reservoir to supply the area with drinking water .
The government is nervous .
The charges said that one worker suffered permanent brain damage from mercury exposure .
Democrats argue that Costa Rica deserves more assistance for the same reason that Mr. Bush is attending the celebration this weekend : to reward the country for its stability in a region wracked with turmoil and for its efforts to promote peace in Nicaragua .
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb .
A handful of small U.S. companies are struggling to develop the technology to build the screens for the thin , high-quality televisions that are expected to hang on living room walls by the end of the 1990s .
Nerds and geeks sometimes find themselves a bit isolated at Harvard .
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software .
But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction .
Among other things , the restructured facilities will substantially reduce the group 's required amortization of the term loan portion of the credit facilities through September 1992 , MLX said .
In the lobby behind its nine-story , orchid-strewn atrium , a 20,000-gallon aquarium will come alive with sharks , stingrays , angelfish , puffers and other creatures of the deep .
What 's more , it represents an important step for the Alley Theater .
Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion .
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers .
Mitsubishi Corp . Finance ( Japanese parent ) --
`` But we 're just too nervous . ''
Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had `` taken significant steps '' to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity .
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments .
These states have been entering into settlements with Drexel as part of the firm 's efforts to operate freely anywhere in the U.S. despite its record as an admitted felon .
They 're not there to work out . ''
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher called the worsening trade figures `` disappointing after two very good months . ''
Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station .
Favored ventures include media , telecommunications and retailing .
More important , the CD was purchased on the secondary , or resale , market .
Mr. Connolly noted that net third-quarter charge-offs , at $ 63 million , improved slightly from the $ 67 million in the second quarter .
Pacific First Financial Corp. said it signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of Old Stone Bank of California .
As stocks rose , in fact , some investors changed course and reversed their sell orders .
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said .
At that rate , a majority of OPEC 's 13 members have reached their output limits , they said .
For months the resistance has been defenseless against air attack .
The frenetic stock and bond markets cooled off , but the dollar slumped .
U.S. officials expressed skepticism over an Israeli effort to show the PLO continues to practice terrorism .
Gillette said its continued presence in South Africa `` enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society , to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates . ''
Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine .
On Wall Street , takeover stock traders bid Nekoosa 's stock well above the Georgia-Pacific bid , assuming that Nekoosa 's will either be sold to a rival bidder or to Georgia-Pacific at a higher price -- as much as $ 75 a share , according to some estimates .
`` They ca n't buy feed from the state .
For rival liquor companies , the Whitbread auction is a rare opportunity to acquire valuable brands .
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities .
In Britain , those interests include the Beefeater steakhouse chain and joint ownership with PepsiCo Inc. of the country 's Pizza Hut chain .
Government officials who are urging real-estate reforms balk at the arguments of business leaders and chafe at their pressure .
The firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing .
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge .
Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group , which finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. , by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business .
Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks .
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , First Union shares rose 25 cents to $ 23 .
International Paper or Weyerhaeuser could step in . ''
Also , Chairman Pierre Lortie resigned .
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 and Wednesday October 11 , 1989 .
`` This is a step in the right direction , '' said Martin Piszczalski , a Yankee Group analyst .
But it has n't worked out that way .
The 80-point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average during the morning trading session touched off a flight to safety that saw investors shifting assets from stocks to Treasury bonds .
But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady .
Just Wait Until You 're a Bit Older
Du Pont Co. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Los Alamos National Laboratory said they signed a three-year , $ 11 million agreement to collaborate on superconductor research .
`` We are expecting a recession , '' says Donald Franklin , chief economist at Schroders investment bank .
Mitsui & Co. said it started a joint venture with Dae Woong Chemical Co. , a major pharmaceutical manufacturer in South Korea , to manufacture antibiotic medicines .
Belatedly aware of public concern , lawmakers and financial middlemen are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes .
Mr. Noriega believes he has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power .
Mr. Steinkuehler said at a convention in West Berlin that the union has to prepare for `` a big fight '' to achieve its main goal of a 35-hour workweek , down from current 37-hour workweek .
Moreover , state-owned Finnish companies lacking formal state guarantees could face greater difficulty raising funds in international financial markets , bankers say .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Sea Containers added that the recapitalization plan will reduce its debt by more than $ 500 million .
In the report , two molecular biologists suggest such embryo diagnosis can be used by couples at high risk of passing a genetic defect to a child .
General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains .
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively .
Thomas Stoddard , head of the Lambda Legal Defense Fund , called the prospect of the speech `` frankly shocking . ''
The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see .
She contends that similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % in Maryland and 30 % in California .
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect .
It is public relations of the highest sophistication , that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point .
( There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country . )
But a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing .
The charge for the Riley subsidiary is for expected costs to correct problems with certain bed boilers built for utilities .
That 's right , money market mutual funds .
`` We 're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along , '' Mr. Shore says .
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon .
The Packwood-Roth proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held .
3 . Record the true costs of credit programs in the federal budget .
Officials in some of these states say they do n't want to simply accept the settlements offered by Drexel .
Either way it was a pity , because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission : Steve Reich 's `` New York Counterpoint , '' one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing .
The security command post , camouflaged as second-story retail space , has its own `` crow 's nest '' above the roofs of the other buildings , with a panoramic view of the entire center .
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days .
People said they did n't think a billion-dollar deal would trade . ''
Goodson , which is based here , will use part of the proceeds to pay down debt associated with its purchase of the Morristown Daily Record for $ 155 million in 1987 .
With three minutes left on the clock , Mr. Aikman takes the snap , steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back .
James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision and a vice president of MCA , said that IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year .
However , workers ca n't break ground until legal maneuvers to block the complex are resolved , moves which caused the signing to remain questionable up to the last moment .
Volume on the first section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.03 billion shares Friday .
Seats currently are quoted at $ 410,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked .
Balcor , which has interests in real estate , said the position is newly created .
That means Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. of Houston , can go forward with its pitch for creditor approval as early as today , when it is expected to deliver a revised reorganization plan to the committee .
The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition and changing client needs .
After the legislature confirmed him as the Communist Party leader , Krenz said demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a `` worsening of the situation , or confrontation . ''
The suit , assigned to federal Judge Kimba Wood , seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges who have been forced to retire , reinstatement of retired judges and `` other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of ( New York 's ) unlawful employment practices . ''
Leaping into rages , sinking into bouts of drunkenness and mistrust , Mr. Noriega has put to death some 70 of his troops involved in the coup , according to U.S. officials monitoring crematoriums and funeral parlors in Panama City .
Some producers seem tentative about the technique , squeamish even .
But they have just taken it for granted . ''
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year .
This was in addition to a more parochial $ 4.5 million authorization for a health center in South Carolina upheld by a 273-121 vote in the House last night .
It suggests that households accumulate wealth across a broad spectrum of assets .
Compliance added 15 % to 20 % to her accounting bill last year , she says .
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows .
For a few days at least , he says , no pictures or drawings of any kind will adorn the columns .
Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president .
AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be `` disappointing '' as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs .
The Circus Circus lures them with low room rates , inexpensive buffets and entertainment for children at no extra charge .
The fund could invest $ 87 for one year in Treasury bills yielding 8 % to return the guaranteed $ 95 .
The prospect of such a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in recent weeks .
His original strategy ( in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion ) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions .
Two feet .
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 1.62 billion from $ 1.39 billion .
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers .
Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth .
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth .
Two of the directors resigned , Mr. Skase said , so the payments have n't yet been approved .
This makes enormous sense in Japan , where direct tax accounts for more than 70 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair .
But as `` The Remains of the Day '' so eloquently demonstrates with quiet virtuosity , such wisdom can be movingly embodied in art .
Merrill Lynch says it 's impossible to estimate how many investors are in Dr. Blumenfeld 's situation , although it says the firm has received only one other complaint about premiums on the secondary market in three years .
Digital 's new line has been a long time coming .
Still , if nothing else , a revoked brokerage license could be a burden because it must be disclosed in many of the transactions in which Drexel could be involved .
The Chinese can not be seen to have made use of the Khmer Rouge and then discard them . ''
`` The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising , and going towards other services , '' Mr. Spielvogel said .
George L. Manzanec , 53 years old , senior vice president of Texas Eastern Corp. , was elected a group vice president of this natural-gas-pipeline concern .
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world .
Mr. White also predicted a half-point cut in the U.S. discount rate in the near future .
`` The consumer business continues to drive the earnings stream , '' said Mr. McDermott of Keefe , Bruyette & Woods .
Investors do this by specifying a minimum price at which the investment may be sold or the maximum price that may be paid for it .
Prior to 1932 , the pattern was nearly the opposite .
`` We have definitely become less cyclical , '' Syb Bergsma , executive vice president-finance , said in an interview .
Congress sent President Bush an $ 18.4 billion fiscal 1990 Treasury and Postal Service bill providing $ 5.5 billion for the Internal Revenue Service and increasing the Customs Service 's air-interdiction program nearly a third .
It all started with geography .
In Tuesday 's gyrating session , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 80 points early in the day , but finished with less than a four-point loss .
Having attained positions of real influence or wealth , these men constitute the Old Guard of New York City black politics ; they are less confrontational than the younger , more activist black political community that has been based largely in Brooklyn .
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .
Proceeds from the offering will be used to repay borrowings under the short-term parts of a credit agreement .
It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw .
Everybody was rubber-necking . ''
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation .
The American Trade Consortium says it is planning to ship some $ 500 million of consumer goods , financed by bank credits , in the first few months of next year .
`` But if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . ''
EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said it agreed to buy Vizeversa , an agency in Barcelona .
Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in January 1988 .
Manufacturers Hanover had a loss due to a big reserve addition .
The premium the elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month in 1990 from $ 27.90 , the Department of Health and Human Services said .
But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable .
Futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved .
Because it operates on a fiscal year , Bear Stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms .
For a short time after June 4 , it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright .
`` There is one sacred rule of journalism , '' John Hersey has said .
The company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years .
The fact sheet , dated April 1986 , says on page three : `` If the price paid for a CD purchased in the secondary market ... is higher than the accreted value in the case of zero-coupon CDs , the difference ... is not insured ... .
The Soviet Union should keep these lessons in mind as it seeks to establish the ruble as an international currency .
`` We could have sat on it longer , but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace , '' says Richard Poole , senior scout for Santa Fe International .
These include the extension of liability into areas beyond those established by judicial precedent and the expansion of liability to include punitive damages .
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment , Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change .
The A 's offensive showing in the Series got an A , as in awesome .
More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service .
`` By doing it in this manner we can have , I would say , more time without the press of social activities or mandatory joint appearances , things of that nature for public consumption , '' Mr. Bush said .
It also adds to the mystery of the venture .
He contends that chasing consumers with low-priced imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs .
The six-mile trip to my airport hotel that had taken 20 minutes earlier in the day took more than three hours .
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding .
After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding .
Some flight attendants on charter planes are putting in 20-hour work days , the study found .
It was n't known to what extent , if any , the facility was damaged .
The scientists have experimented on the tiny neck arteries of rats .
The TVA currently plans to issue a total of $ 6.7 billion in bonds to refinance its high-interest debt .
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms .
Among the things I learned covering the World Series these past few weeks is that the Richter scale , which measures earthquakes , is n't like the one in your bathroom .
To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss .
`` You 've got to judge where the network will be in three years . ''
The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government .
Mr. Carpenter says he will return Kidder to prominence as a great investment bank .
The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders .
The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports .
`` It was quite a shock , '' says a 43-year-old East German shopkeeper .
The computing-services concern will pay $ 1,059.04 for each $ 1,000 face amount of debt .
The figures are shocking .
The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years ; more than 90 % of the people consider themselves middle class .
Under the second count , the company would plead guilty to conspiring to evade taxes .
But some cosmetics-industry executives wonder whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business .
He 's the director of the local Planned Parenthood chapter .
`` It is becoming more of a horse race every day between the U.S. and Japan , '' he said , adding that some fear that as with the semiconductor , electronics , and automobile industries , Japanese companies will use U.S.-developed technology to gain trade advantages .
Many funds allow investors to void orders before the close of trading .
It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
Since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ' ability to sell it , it helps to have input and access to transportation companies . ''
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit .
Moreover , the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries .
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting , which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces .
Like other foreign banks establishing a presence here , the family describes its move as a calculated decision to set up a financial services outlet in Europe 's largest economy ahead of the integration of European Community markets after 1992 .
Richard Mason , president of Ames Co. in Parkersburg , W. Va. , says the Barrett rake `` makes sense , '' but it would be `` tough '' to explain to consumers .
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour .
Not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater .
He said large increases in sales of other non-caffeine soft drinks make the timing right now .
Its attendance is off 23 % from six years ago .
One is the Pao , a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top and tilted headlights that give it a droopy-eyed look .
Mr. Paul quickly became more aggressive in his collecting , with the help of George Wachter , a Sotheby 's expert in old masters whom he met at an exhibition of the Guterman items .
The park is slated to open in 1992 .
In coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public and a new political calamity .
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . )
It was an audacious claim .
He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple `` hits '' on cancer suppressor genes , because it often seems to develop in stages .
Estimates suggest October 's figure may be even higher .
Some women clearly have no trouble eventually conceiving again : The studies have reported repeaters in their programs .
Thus , the IRS says , the Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible .
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
The rest is listed on Spanish stock exchanges .
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts .
All the preferred stock is held by the Yukon Office Supply Stock Ownership Plan .
Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work ( though a touch of the old Tashi still survives ) and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions .
Mr. Yeutter , seeking to allay European objections to an earlier U.S. plan that called for eliminating all farm-trade barriers by the year 2000 , said the new U.S. proposal would n't `` put farmers out of business '' but would only encourage them to `` grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants . ''
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.30 % six months .
Lawmakers often are reluctant to embarrass colleagues , even those of opposing political parties .
This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city .
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said .
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. lost its second recent arbitration case involving a former bond-trading executive .
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron .
Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined .
They showed that participants in Division I football and men 's basketball , the big-time `` revenue sports , '' entered school with poorer high-school grades and test scores than `` minor-sport '' jocks and students who participated in other extracurricular activities , and they got lower grades once they got there , at least partly because of the athletic demands placed on them .
Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company .
`` It helps to point out how many important people came through Cleveland on their way to the top , '' says George Miller , executive director of the New Cleveland Campaign , a nonprofit organization devoted to citing the city 's strengths .
Football is the No. 1 thing here '' .
Mr. Jones takes heart .
Last year , a federal appeals court in St. Louis said the preamble was unconstitutional , citing an earlier Supreme Court ruling that states ca n't justify stricter abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins .
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market , can he finance a buy-out ?
And you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit .
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy .
Separately , the company 's board adopted a proposal to amend its 1986 shareholder rights plan , further insulating the company from takeover .
Once somebody eats one , they get hooked . ''
During that time , a buyer with the clout of a Renaissance could end up driving up the price of stocks it was trying to buy if it tipped its hand .
Regulators , as well , might have quashed the deal if Tiger 's pilots had n't been protected , he said .
Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker .
The idea was to `` insure '' the value of a portfolio by selling futures when stock prices dropped -- eliminating the need to sell the stocks themselves .
Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million .
`` Just wait for that tap-tap , that thump-thump .
It invests primarily in tax-exempt municipal securities .
`` A lot more of our customers are staying until our 10 p.m. closing time , '' says Christopher Brown , managing director of Corney & Barrow Restaurants Ltd. , which runs five tony wine bars in the district .
The entry fee is affordable : Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 .
A spokesman for Hertz Corp. acknowledges , `` The waiver is n't a source of protection for consumers , but a source of revenue . ''
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million .
The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs .
Mr. Miller vetoed that : `` Even I ca n't understand all the footnotes , '' he says .
The company , which now holds a 34 % stake in the venture , has indicated that it intends to retain at least a 20 % stake long term .
It also had $ 479.7 million of past-due loans ; its level of reserves against those was n't immediately available , though it is believed to be small .
He gave no further details .
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted .
As a result , many of those now planning to leave Hong Kong ca n't easily be swayed by momentary improvements in the colony 's political and economic climate .
During the four-day promotion , shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits .
Chubb , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 3 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 .
The loss of the cigarette account would be a severe blow to Wells Rich .
However , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the National Association of Securities Dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by Oct. 13 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to Gene Finn , chief economist for the NASD .
Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles .
Ever since the bad days of Big is Bad antitrust enforcement , this law has required that anyone proposing a merger must make a filing describing the effects on all relevant markets .
The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being .
Net outflows from Fidelity 's stock funds stood at less than $ 300 million , or below 15 % of the $ 2 billion cash position of the firm 's stock portfolios .
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said .
Joanne Lipman contributed to this article .
SUSPECT `` SALES '' ads are challenged by the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York .
`` I 've done what I came to do '' at Kidder , he says .
But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America .
Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks .
Similar proposals were defeated in at least 15 other states .
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents .
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions .
We are confronted less with a judicial power grab than with a legislative giveaway .
`` People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , '' warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .
Following the feminist and population-control lead has been a generally bovine press .
Sales for the third quarter increased 6.5 % to $ 1.51 billion from $ 1.42 billion .
The offering was for about 2.8 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 2.2 million shares changed hands after trading began .
Next year `` looks dismal , '' said analyst Paul Luber of Robert Baird & Co. , Milwaukee .
W.R. Grace & Co. said it formed a new horticultural-products company by combining its soil-nutrients and fertilizers business with Sierra Chemical Co. , Milpitas , Calif .
Mr. Jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights .
As a result of the sales he holds 6,727,042 shares .
Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year .
He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes .
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million .
The historical profession will survive these decisions .
Eavesdropping -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies .
Mr. Lancaster is deputy chief of The Wall Street Journal 's Dallas bureau .
He said that other participants in the conference `` do not believe that the rights of Americans should be guaranteed to citizens who are homosexual , '' but that `` I mean to persuade you to the opposite view . ''
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points , to 2613.73 , in active trading .
The two producers own a combined 28 % stake in Guber-Peters .
`` One dealer told me that if he had more cars , he 'd sell them right away , '' says Takuro Endo , Nissan executive vice president .
A squiggly line snakes across a video screen , gyrating erratically as subjects with hand-held computers register their second-by-second reactions to a speaker 's remarks .
Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when .
Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board .
Did Mr. Loeb seek personal gain ( and if so , how ) ?
But in a TV interview Sunday Mr. Bond said , `` We 've taken a big loss .
Some companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive .
Short-term rates increased .
Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago .
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments .
Fees 1 3\/8 .
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court .
Of the combined $ 114.4 million the two men were scheduled to reap under the buy-out , they agreed to invest in the buy-out just $ 15 million , angering many of the thousands of workers asked to make pay concessions so the buy-out would be a success .
What more could a con man in search of the easy life ask for ?
Eastern 's Class F preferred rose 12 % , or 1 1\/4 , to 11 3\/4 ; the Class E preferred gained 7 % , or 5\/8 , to 10 1\/4 .
Until recently , much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable .
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis :
The Justice Department has distributed these new guidelines for U.S. Attorneys prosecuting RICO cases .
Even if he were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country .
The company named Dillon Read & Co. as its exclusive agent for the stock buy-back program .
`` Those are primarily white-collar workers , a customer segment that has historically proved elusive for convenience stores . ''
The paper producer reported that net income fell to $ 102.1 million , or $ 1.09 a share , from $ 122.4 million , or $ 1.29 a share , in the year-earlier period .
The agency , which is funded through insurance premiums from employers , insures pension benefits for some 30 million private-sector workers who take part in single-employer pension plans .
Mr. Dinkins lost twice by wide margins before finally getting elected borough president in 1985 .
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how if the price is right .
And the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election .
In general , Mr. Utsumi said , Japanese banks are becoming more `` independent '' in their approach to overseas deals .
Mr. Tucker , 44 years old , is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. , closely held investment companies based in Miami .
Keepers of the books , dubbed `` figure filberts , '' loathed the threat .
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier .
Inefficient-Market Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Zurich , Amsterdam , Milan and Stockholm .
But it did n't sing .
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results .
Statistics from 12 countries which normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales showed new car registrations totaled 911,606 in September , down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date .
The venture will be based in Indianapolis .
Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural and design services concern .
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts .
Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio .
The Arizona banking concern is facing difficulties related to weakness in the real estate market in the state .
At his old job in Compton , Calif. , he took a bitter teachers ' strike and nearly came to blows with a school-board member .
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on `` the continuing need for this organization , '' which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War .
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million .
The solutions they formally proposed included lead\/sulfur taxes , conservation and recycling incentives , reforestation offsets , transferable pollution permits , an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits , and debt-for-environment swaps .
A large number of studies suggest that state judges and juries have imposed the penalty in a racially discriminatory fashion .
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days .
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares .
One analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the Cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather .
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , VGA , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter , EGA , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units .
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes .
They note that the U.S. unit is trading at the upper end of the presumed target zones established by the Group of Seven trading partners .
After the vote , Connecticut Rep. Nancy Johnson rounded up nearly as many signatures on a letter to Mr. Bush urging him not to veto .
Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged .
Exploration and production profits slumped $ 40 million due to a provision for restructuring costs .
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones .
It said it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9 % on 24-month loans .
Cray Research will retain a 10 % interest in the new company , which will be based in Colorado Springs , Colo .
Industry observers have congratulated Mr. Lang on what some call his `` courageous '' handling of Ms. , but his track record in magazine publishing in general has gotten mixed reviews .
These guarantee protection against stock market declines while still passing along most gains .
Without buffer stocks , inflation exploded .
12:48 a.m .
Paris closed lower , and most Brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems .
It showed the DJIA up 30 points .
Compared with its previous quarter , the final period of its 1989 fiscal year , net rose 9 % , and sales rose 7 % .
Weakening corporate earnings , they say , are no prescription for a bull market .
In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots and courting restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight .
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive .
Shearson Lehman Hutton began its coverage of the company with favorable ratings .
Viatech Inc. said it received approval from the French government for its proposed $ 44.7 million acquisition of Ferembal S.A .
But now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ?
Renault and DAF are expected to invest a total of about three billion French francs ( $ 157.8 million ) in the venture , including FFr 1 billion for design and development costs .
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry .
NESB is also the parent of Omnibank .
Himont , another majority-owned unit of Montedison , added 1 1\/4 to 47 1\/8 .
`` The computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one .
Public Affairs
Sierra Tucson Cos. , Tucson , Ariz. , started trading under STSN .
Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions .
Here are auction details :
Four years ago , she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored .
She has been on the move almost incessantly since last Thursday , when an army of adjusters , employed by major insurers , invaded the San Francisco area to help policyholders sift through the rubble and restore some order to their lives .
In 1989 , Mr. Steinhardt says he made money trading in Texas Air , AMR and UAL .
But the Fed is n't enthusiastic about Treasury efforts to bring down the value of the dollar through intervention in foreign-exchange markets , and the Treasury is frustrated at the Fed 's reluctance to cut interest rates to pull down the dollar 's value .
Here is the Commerce Department 's latest report on personal income .
Pittston continues to hire replacement workers , the company said .
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique .
Made of space-age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100-mile race , the company claims .
The 101-year-old magazine has never had to woo advertisers with quite so much fervor before .
Decades earlier , Maria Callas sang the Dallas staging that introduced the flashback idea .
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill .
Ms. Bartlett 's previous work , which earned her an international reputation in the non-horticultural art world , often took gardens as its nominal subject .
`` You know , '' she says , `` stereotypical stuff like armadillos , cowboys and football . ''
The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc .
The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 and may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 .
Because of the difficulty of assessing the damages caused by the earthquake , Aetna pulled together a team of its most experienced claims adjusters from around the country .
After losing by fewer than 1,800 votes in the 1981 governor 's race , he has prepared himself methodically for this moment , including deciding in recent years he could no longer support curbs on federal funding for Medicaid abortions .
A further problem is razor-thin profits .
In the early 1980s , I predicted a significant acceleration in productivity growth over the rest of the decade .
The lightning moves show that the stock market remains fragile and volatile -- ready to jump at the slightest rumor -- a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge .
The company is exploring , with a major financial institution , the development of a plan to boost the value of the company for its holders , Mr. Ruskin said .
Program trading amounted to 12.3 % of average daily volume in June .
It was a Friday in June .
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was `` not material '' and that no personnel changes were made as a result .
They question whether the IMF has any role in developing countries , given its original mandate to assist industrial countries in balance-of-payments emergencies .
The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one .
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million .
It operates various types of addiction-treatment facilities .
The stadium was ordered evacuated soon afterward ; the announcement , made over police bullhorns , cited the power outage , but it later was revealed that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend .
The amount would help Los Angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake , while waiting for federal assistance to arrive .
British Tissues decided to do away with its hard paper after a major customer , British Rail , switched to softer tissues for train bathrooms ... .
Still , on average , the major California banks have the highest yields on CDs , according to Banxquote .
But what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more on the company 's two most powerful and fractious unions : the pilots and machinists .
When he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses .
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end .
Not exactly sophisticated market research , but who cares as long as the campaigns work .
The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers .
`` Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost , most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers ' energy needs through the year 2020 , '' said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly .
Known as a traditional executive , he is very much in the conservative American Express mold .
To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , Sotheby 's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax , and the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it .
These are the 26 states , including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , that have settled with Drexel : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico .
It also said the cash portion of the transaction would be financed with StatesWest 's own cash and short-term investments , plus debt and other financing arranged through Hibbard Brown & Co. , the company 's investment banker .
Ready to jump ?
Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills .
David Baltimore , who has just been named president of Rockefeller University , already knows what it 's like to go through life with `` Nobel laureate '' appended to one 's name .
Source : PaineWebber Inc .
Amstrad PLC , a British maker of computer hardware and communications equipment , posted a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year .
Mr. Phillips and Mr. Roman are indeed quite similar in substance , if not in style .
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale ; Tuesday 's was
Mr. Etzioni also suggests forbidding anyone from gathering background information about the jurors .
`` We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific , '' Mr. Eddington says .
`` I felt betrayed , '' he later said .
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased .
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... .
Sept. 15 , 1989 :
He also noted that the Japanese , who had been buying at prices just above the $ 1.25 level , apparently pulled back from the market on Friday .
It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds and preferred stock ; A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns , and Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley .
Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret .
Leveraged funds in particular `` are still extremely vulnerable , because we 're still at the beginning of problems in the junk market , '' says George Foot , a managing partner at Newgate Management Associates in Northampton , Mass .
Mortgage-Backed Securities
Over the past decade or two , while I was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations .
Some people must drop names -- call it an irresistible impulse .
Japan Storage Battery Co. -- $ 100 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par via Nikko Securities Co . ( Europe ) Ltd .
GE executives were accused by U.S. prosecutors of providing `` misleading and false '' data to the Pentagon in 1985 to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices .
There in the center of the pack is quarterback Troy Aikman , the key to the Cowboys ' comeback strategy .
On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares .
Otto Wichterle , a Czech , invented them in 1962 .
In addition , pension funds are rarely given seats on company boards and most often try to avoid them because of legal concerns .
Likewise , in the U.S. , Nissan has grabbed 5.2 % of the car market so far this year , up from 4.5 % a year ago .
Mr. Staley replied : `` Legislation tends to be compromised .
Behind the silly posturing lies a real dispute .
`` This project is ready to move , '' said State Urban Development Corp. Chairman Vincent Tese .
I sell -- a little .
But the Supreme Court concluded that it was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services .
Westinghouse expects about half of its new orders for turbines to come from independent producers for at least the next six years .
That 's the conventional theory anyway .
Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way .
Its return so far this year has been a credible 21.71 % .
Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt .
The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail .
The U.S. trade deficit swelled to $ 10.77 billion in August , prompting worries that the nation 's export drive had stalled .
That 's higher than some other estimates .
Among the issues the board will examine is whether United Airlines , a unit of UAL Corp. , should have been able to detect the cracks through maintenance checks .
`` Everything has to be the same between countries , '' says Campo 's Stefan Campo , who is asking clients to sign protest petitions .
The company could command a good price in the market .
They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant .
The realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors , among other possibilities .
Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier .
`` We 're anticipating quite a traffic crunch , '' said one official .
The investment will be made through IBM Australia Ltd. , a unit of IBM , the two companies said yesterday .
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday .
`` It 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney Evan Wolfson , whose group forced Trans World Airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent flier awards only to family members .
The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair 's decision .
Although Cummins 's stock stumbled last month after the company projected a `` substantial '' third-period loss , the stock also fell $ 1.125 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , to $ 51.75 .
The U.S. unit also firmed against other currencies on the back of sterling 's tumble , as market participants switched out of pounds .
Originally the department had reported the August decline as 5 % .
`` They are becoming more independent .
Moody 's said it is assessing the strategies Ryder 's management may follow in addressing significant challenges in some major markets .
Mr. Savaiko noted that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar , which would normally support the U.S. copper market .
The company said the move was necessary to meet capital requirements .
While Allianz officials were n't willing to comment in any detail on their plans , they said Allianz currently holds between 5 % and 10 % of Navigation Mixte , an apparent increase from the 5 % stake that Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced .
AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... .
A related editorial appears today .
Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying Insider Trading table this week .
Earlier this month , the Supreme Soviet adopted two more resolutions restricting the freedom of cooperatives : The first enables the soviets to set prices for which goods may be sold ; the second bans cooperatives from buying `` industrial and food goods '' from the state or other cooperatives .
Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments .
Mr. McDonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental ardor was his 1986 design for the headquarters of the Environmental Defense Fund in New York .
`` It was like flying without a pilot in the front of the plane . ''
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder .
California State University
Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing `` very well '' the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant .
The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South , where Hurricane Hugo was a factor .
The FM radio band , considered technically superior because it can carry stereo broadcasts , has cornered the airwaves for delivering music .
Some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices .
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid-waste recovery and hazardous-waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured .
In recent years , for example , Grand Metropolitan PLC of Britain acquired Heublein Inc. , while another British company , Guinness PLC , took over United Distillers Group and Schenley Industries Inc .
A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2 % and 3 % , respectively .
Last summer , Sears appeared to have a deal with Canadian developer Olympia & York Developments Ltd .
But under new terms of the agreement , announced Friday , LIN holders would receive a special cash dividend of $ 42 a share , representing a payout of about $ 2.23 billion , shortly before the proposed merger .
H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million , or $ 1.90 a share , in the fiscal year ended April 30 .
Some dealers noted that nervousness over the recent sharp dive in stock prices could intensify following suggestions by Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita that appeared to advise Japanese investors to be very careful in investing in U.S. leveraged buy-outs .
There is evidence that if people inherit defective versions of these genes , they are especially prone to cancer , perhaps explaining , finally , why some cancers seem to haunt certain families .
Viacom also owns cable systems , but it is the 14th largest operator of such systems , with less than one million subscribers .
Some entrepreneurs say the red tape they most love to hate is red tape they would also hate to lose .
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request .
It does prolong the pain somewhat . ''
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 827.9 million from $ 804.3 million .
Also , James Needham , an SEC commissioner , in April 1972 had warned that the industry might face a `` federal agency writing accounting rules '' if they rejected the FASB idea .
The Murray Hill , N.J. , company said full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market .
Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Entertainment and Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment but the request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 .
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said .
Before adjustment for inflation , the association said , orders were up a nominal 5 % .
But other sectors failed to attract investor interest and remained sluggish , making overall trading appear mixed .
What am I doing in Jackson Hole ?
Barbara Donovan , an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich , says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer .
So Mr. Barrett , then vice president of the Alabama Steamship Association , took a steel-toothed garden rake and taped it to the underside of a leaf rake about nine inches up .
First Interstate took a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank .
Lodestar Group said it will make a $ 6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center 's parent , Kinder-Care Inc .
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags .
Other technology stocks that were weaker included Intel , which fell 1 1\/4 to 33 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares , Mentor Graphics , down 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 on 1.6 million shares , Sun Microsystems , which slipped 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 , and MCI Communications , down 1 to 42 3\/4 .
Second Section volume was estimated at 14 million shares , unchanged from Monday .
The talks may drag on for weeks before any concrete result is announced , people familiar with them said .
The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc .
The cash dividend paid on the common stock also will apply to the new shares , the company said .
It 's wildly overwritten .
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation .
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . ''
But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products .
`` It 's the missing link '' in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said .
But it would be ironic if Germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than Bonn and Berlin .
Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 .
Republic 's total of nonperforming assets was $ 167 million at Sept. 30 , with its reserve for loan losses now standing at $ 357 million .
This autumn 's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31 .
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring .
That 's the lesson offered through one case study featured in a design exhibit .
Net income , however , rose 3.7 % to 107.87 billion yen from 103.98 billion yen .
`` Lloyd 's has lost control of the situation , '' he says .
The IL-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone 's message to rally the body 's defense .
`` We do n't know how to get from socialism to capitalism . ''
STUDENTS SHUN burger flipping for jobs tied to careers .
The pilots were meeting outside Chicago yesterday .
Private-property rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development .
Unilab Corp. , Norcross , Ga. , said it acquired the clinical laboratories of closely held Central Diagnostic Laboratory Inc. in a cash and securities transaction valued at $ 85 million .
The success of the NWA financing , and the failure of the UAL deal , also seem to highlight the important new role in takeover financing being played by Japanese banks .
`` People are placing small bets .
Meanwhile , General Motors and Ford Motor continue their pursuit of the company .
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home . ''
One chemist privately suggested this hinted that some `` anomalous '' chemical reactions might be producing the heat .
The value traded on the exchanges is close to $ 3 trillion .
The 6 1\/2-foot-tall turtle , Pong Pagong , is a character who stars in the children 's television show `` Batibot . ''
Home taping of pre-recorded music cuts into record industry revenues , but banning home taping would hurt consumers even more .
`` It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon . ''
Not a gripping question , unless you 're the pastry chef of this city 's Chez Panisse restaurant and you 've just lost your priceless personal dessert notebook .
`` It 's hard to think someone is raping your garden , '' he says .
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks .
The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter .
Sales in the latest period edged up to $ 295.7 million from $ 293.9 million .
Sotheby 's , the auction house founded in London 1744 and now under the umbrella of Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , was hoping to stir up interest in old masters as it strove to build its U.S. business .
Her success , which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s , helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path .
Abortion via the pill is far more of an ordeal than conventional surgical abortion .
It blames most of these on Fatah .
Eli Lilly & Co. , the Indianapolis-based drug manufacturer , dominates the U.S. human insulin market with its product known as Humulin .
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
The fund closed yesterday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading at $ 9.625 , up 12.5 cents .
Ford Motor Co. and Saab-Scania AB of Sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance after Ford officials concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return .
The theme of industry consolidation had surfaced earlier this year among drug stocks , which posted solid gains in the latest session .
Nearly seven of 10 investors think companies reinvest `` too little '' of their profits in the business .
The two major structures that failed Tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake -- the San Francisco Bay Bridge , completed in the 1930s , and the section of I-880 , built in the 1950s .
`` There will be no capital-gains bill this year , '' said Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) .
Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice .
Last October , Mr. Paul paid out $ 12 million of CenTrust 's cash -- plus a $ 1.2 million commission -- for `` Portrait of a Man as Mars . ''
`` They seem to like these industrial parks , '' says Kacy McClelland , a postal inspector who specializes in mail fraud .
`` They still bear the memory of October 1987 , when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell , '' Mr. Nichols said .
Meanwhile , total fabrication demand for silver has risen six years in a row , he says .
Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well .
Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc .
Government entities , continues Mr. Ruvolo , could be protected by the California Government Tort Liability Act .
Instead , the banks secured a promise from state-owned Bank of Communications that it would lend Asia Development the entire $ 55 million at maturity to finance repayment of the original borrowing .
Toyota Motor Corp. grandly touted its system in a car that splits in half to reveal the suspension 's inner workings .
Mr. Rosen , among others , suggested that the quake , the strongest since the 1906 temblor that struck San Francisco , will in the short term create a two-tier price system for quake-prone communities , with dwellings built on sturdy ground likely to demand higher prices .
He predicted that PWA would have little difficulty attracting prospective buyers .
Hollandale , Miss .
Now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has slackened demand .
TESTS ON 2,800-year-old mummies from Chile indicate ancient wood fires did n't produce dioxins or dibenzofurans , contradicting a theory the two pollutants today are coming from wood burning , General Electric Co. reports in Environmental Science & Technology magazine ... .
If he calls you up , just tell him everything is fine . ''
The Republicans maintain that a 30 % capital-gains exclusion will raise revenue in the short term and spur economic investment , while the Democrats maintain that an increase in the top income-tax rate and expanded IRAs will raise revenue and spur savings .
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51-cash management bills yesterday .
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .
Judge Not
Fees 1 3\/8 .
However , this in no way justifies the huge government subsidies and losses on such loans .
We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act : to be told there 's no place for your child in school ; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair ; to be denied employment because you are disabled .
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 324 million .
The Philadelphia Fed says it is merely an `` agent '' for coins , responsible only for storage and distribution .
The segment now makes up roughly two-thirds of his company 's total sales .
After eight moves by each side , the board was the same as in a game in which Nigel Short of Great Britain fought the champion to a draw in 1980 .
Caisse de Depot et Placement , the Quebec government pension-fund agency , will pay $ 112.5 million for the remaining 22.5 % stake in the printing operation .
What is that point ?
They still buy apples mainly for big , red good looks -- that 's why so many taste like woodchucks ' punching bags .
However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business .
The Internal Revenue Service said it is willing to let the U.S. Tax Court decide how much oil man William Herbert Hunt will owe the government after his assets are liquidated .
The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts .
The Bush administration accused Israeli Prime Minister Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with `` unhelpful '' and disappointing statements .
Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson and Grand Boulevard Plaza and decide for themselves .
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill .
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr. , president of Crowntuft , will continue to head Crowntuft 's management group .
Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on military construction ; Mr. Bush 's $ 87 million request for Tennessee increased to $ 109 million .
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years .
As a Channel Islander , I was amazed to see my birthplace listed as one of `` 86 countries with an income tax . ''
Takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 700 million from the failed UAL offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal .
J.P. Morgan & Co. , New York , will help the statutory managers of DFC New Zealand Ltd. to evaluate the failed investment bank 's condition .
Junk bonds ended about one-half point higher with so-called high-quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership rising one point .
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor .
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area .
Tell us about the HUD scandals .
According to Salomon Brothers ' `` stub '' stock index of 20 companies whose debt is giant compared with shareholder equity , investors are already beginning to retreat from shares of debt-laden companies .
Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other .
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction .
But it would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when these goals would be achieved .
Crude oil prices rose slightly in lackluster activity as traders in the pits tried to assess action in the stock market .
Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard .
He also improved the firm 's compliance procedures for trading .
It is extraordinary that the British Treasury thought it could prevent a trade deficit by inflating the pound .
Investor Arthur Goldberg is pursuing a $ 32-a-share takeover offer .
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire .
His initial offer indicated he needed to raise as much as 80 % of the takeover financing through the debt markets .
UNIFIRST Corp. declared a 2-for-1 stock split .
After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed considerably .
Some investors say there is a good chance that the trust will , instead , seek to convert the company 's shares to cash , in some sort of friendly restructuring that would n't involve just dumping stock on the market .
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR .
Before the two parties resumed talks last week , De Beers offered 17 % and the union wanted 37.6 % .
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy .
`` We make the finest product in the world , and the Americans are being kicked around . ''
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country .
`` Why did it take Burroughs Wellcome so long to apply '' for treatment investigational new drug status ? the New York Democrat asked .
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash .
The artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices on the world market , and the U.S. State Department notified IFAR of the theft in February 1988 .
Assets of Construction Equipment International , Houston , were sold to Essex Crane Inc. , and the assets of Elgin Electronics , Erie , Pa. , were sold to closely held Charter Technologies Inc .
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away .
The workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large intracompany telephone networks .
Well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ...
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % .
Mr. Giuliani is finding that Mr. Dinkins , in his many years in public life , has built up considerable good will that so far has led many voters to overlook certain failings .
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion .
He added B.A.T `` has no expectation of a material impact on Farmers .
As the session broke up , I was approached by a man who identified himself as the alumni director of a Big Ten university .
Gemina said in a statement that `` it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate . ''
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday .
`` It is a feel-good candidacy . ''
Now , the personal-computer revolution is finally reaching Japan .
`` This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , '' said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla.-based Confectioner Magazine .
This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle .
U.S. clearance also is needed for the proposed acquisition .
No charges were brought against her .
What you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ? ''
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources .
With a new day dawning on the sport , Mr. Jones does n't see a place for this sort of luxury .
NBI said that it has the funds to pay the dividend , but that it does n't have the surplus or profit required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend .
-- John Drybred .
Most of the commodity traffic was off , the company said .
In the late 1960s some CPAs failed to correct such abuses as clients picking permissive rules that hyped earnings and stock prices .
`` A lot of people are getting hurt on this wicked whipsawing , '' cautioned Alistair Cuddeford , a London-based Salomon Brothers International Ltd. trader who makes a market in franc-denominated Euro Disney shares .
Ratners Group PLC 's U.S. subsidiary has agreed to acquire jewelry retailer Weisfield 's Inc. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 55 million .
Duriron , a maker of pumps , valves and other controls , said the acquisition wo n't impact its 1989 profit .
American Express card charge volume rose 12 % .
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
The company , based in San Francisco , said it had to shut down a crude-oil pipeline in the Bay area to check for leaks but added that its refinery in nearby Richmond , Calif. , was undamaged .
The newspaper could fetch between 15 million and 20 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 12.8 million to $ 17.1 million ) , said one analyst , who asked not to be identified .
A spokeswoman said the company will finance the buy-back with cash on hand , borrowing and `` cash Norfolk expects to generate . ''
Ethyl said pretax profit from its insurance segment , excluding investment gains , rose 28 % in the latest quarter to $ 28.6 million from $ 22.4 million .
`` Because of shrinkage in the economy , rates can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote .
It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds .
Knight-Ridder would n't comment on the offer .
Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks .
The company said it expects consumers will adjust to higher-priced soft drinks .
Other , as yet unnamed , cities will follow .
`` That 'll save us time and get people involved . ''
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . ''
Instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust , irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases .
Monthly sales of his Egg King machine -- which he now is marketing through a new company -- have sunk to about half a dozen from a peak of 75 , says the 46-year-old businessman .
The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today .
They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court .
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen .
Trading executives privately say that huge stock-index funds , which dwarf Wall Street firms in terms of the size of their program trades , will continue to launch big programs through the stock market .
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 11\/16 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 5\/8 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered .
Your coaches demand a lot more out of you even though some of them are not willing to take the time to watch you progress .
Raymond E. Ross , 53 years old , formerly group vice president , U.S. plastics machinery , at this machine tool , plastics machinery and robots concern , was named senior vice president , industrial systems , succeeding David A. Entrekin , who resigned Monday .
Capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years , Moody 's said .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Mr. Canelo thinks the market will probably go higher , but `` will be ruthless with stocks if the earnings are n't there . ''
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 .
Robert Hafer , senior commodities analyst at Kaiser Financial Group , said Monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening .
The yield was 7.35 % , up 0.01 percentage point .
Guarana Antarctica , a Brazilian soft drink , is brought to the U.S. by Amcap , Chevy Chase , Md .
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year .
`` Many people in Poland hope this government will break down , '' says Mr. Niciporuk , who belongs to the local council and to Rural Solidarity .
The manufacturers ' association will issue statistics on vehicle exports later this month .
But the New Jersey U.S. attorney averaged 16 .
The administration continues to support SDI , or Star Wars , and it recently lobbied to persuade the Senate to restore some of the funds it planned to cut from the program .
The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results .
After the sixth congress , journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects .
Printed in the U.S. and carrying the line `` The Insider 's Japan , '' Business Tokyo 's October cover story was `` The World 's No. 1 Customer '' -- Japanese women .
According to one London-based analyst , even higher interest rates wo n't help the pound if Britain 's government continues to appear unstable .
The bottom fifth of all families got 4.6 % of the income , down from 5.2 % a decade earlier .
That was before the 1986 tax `` reform '' made taxes more complex than ever .
MCA Inc. said its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and preschool products .
`` I can assure you , '' attests a 25-year-old lawyer in New Delhi , with a meaningfully raised eyebrow , `` from personal experience , it works . ''
Mr. Thomson played outfield and third base until 1960 , posting a lifetime .270 batting average and chalking up 264 home runs before retiring and going into paper-goods sales .
The company said the debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount and are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share .
About 1,150 employees are covered by the new agreement , Deere said .
But there is a small risk that some were imported with high radiation levels . ''
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring .
`` I hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day .
If a client needs prejudiced jurors , the firm will help find them .
NEC wo n't release its code , and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other .
A Fidelity spokesman in Boston denied the speculation , saying the program-trading issue was more of a regulatory problem .
Twelve of UAL 's outside directors met at a five-hour meeting yesterday in Chicago to consider an informal proposal from the buy-out group for a revised bid .
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Analysts predicted that the move would further shake creditor confidence in Qintex Australia and force it to sell assets .
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all .
`` When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the U.S. , '' he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 .
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained .
Ah , the glamour of professional sports .
The House 's bill would prohibit dual trading in markets with daily average volume of 7,000 contracts or more , comprising those considered too difficult to track without a sophisticated computer system .
`` In some places the stonework is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off , '' scientists and technicians said in a report to Public Works Minister Giovanni Prandini .
I think Peter even made some deals with the gorillas . ''
Imperial Holly fell 1 5\/8 to 27 1\/8 in the wake of its third-quarter earnings report .
With an audience totaling more than 400,000 , `` Batibot '' consistently ranks in the country 's top-four most-watched daytime programs .
The selling that started on Friday continued yesterday .
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said .
For holders who decide not to tender their shares , Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $ 25 , plus a cash dividend on the common stock .
3 ) Develop rental agreements with exclusive purchase options for the renter .
His hands sit farther apart on the keyboard .
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
`` He has n't added anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject Mr. Green 's proposal .
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night .
The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million , the Japanese government has put up just about as much , or so it is reported and at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million .
The host , Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , did not invite Chile , Cuba , Panama or Haiti to the summit , which was to be restricted to democracies .
`` There are a lot more downward revisions of earnings forecasts than upward revisions , '' said Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert .
Mr. Gatward declined to comment , and Mr. Price could n't be reached on Friday .
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner .
Revenue totaled $ 1.01 billion , a 43 % increase from $ 704.4 million , reflecting the company 's acquisition of Emery earlier this year .
Urging LIN directors to conduct `` a fair auction on a level playing field , '' McCaw asked how well the public interest would be served `` with the Bell operating companies controlling over 94 % of all cellular { potential customers } in the nation 's top 10 markets .
But while its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value , neither Messrs. Perlman nor Price said he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover .
Other news that weighed on the market : Initial unemployment claims rose by 62,000 last week ; American Telephone & Telegraph Co. will reduce its managerial staff by 15,000 through attrition ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold .
A Compaq Computer Corp. spokeswoman said that the company has n't made a decision yet , although `` it is n't under active consideration .
ABC Sports was looking for ways to lift deflated halftime ratings for `` Monday Night Football . ''
U.K. composite , or non-life , insurers , which some equity analysts said might be heavily hit by the earthquake disaster , helped support the London market by showing only narrow losses in early trading .
The discount rate , currently 7 % , is the rate the Fed charges member banks for loans , using government securities as collateral .
The product automates an array of functions performed at small to medium-size printing companies .
But U.S. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah , the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories , which the U.S. does n't classify as terrorism .
In addition to the need for another cash equity investor , the other moving parts include : the pilots themselves , who can scuttle rival deals by threatening to strike ; the machinists union , the pilots ' longtime rivals who helped scuttle the pilots ' deal ; and regulators in Washington , whose opposition to foreign airline investment helped throw the deal into doubt .
MCA Inc. said third-quarter net fell 6.3 % to $ 50.8 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 54.3 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier .
If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % .
When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor .
New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance , even as Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it .
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
On leasing , Bob Djurdjevic at Annex Research said he thinks IBM has hurt itself unnecessarily .
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions .
Mr. Luzon and his team , however , say they are n't interested in a merger .
`` I 've done over 40 ad agency searches { for clients } , so I have a pretty good notion of what clients are interested in when they look for an agency , '' Mr. Achenbaum said .
Analysts said the numbers were better than expectations , partly because of strong profit margins and a positive foreign-currency translation .
`` You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack .
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 .
`` The pilots are either for us or extremely against us , '' he says with a sigh .
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities .
Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September and a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism and investment plans for the coming year .
But several analysts and Japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results .
Stores such as Sears that sell big-ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters , he said .
`` The industry is based on individual honesty , '' says Cap Hershey , a Lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought Spendthrift .
TAXPAYERS ' RIGHTS are defined by a growing number of states .
Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million .
And taking more direct action has the advantage of avoiding sharp increases in the money supply , such as happened in October 1987 .
And California 's 45-member delegation in the House is expected to propose that emergency funds be added to a stop-gap spending bill that the House Appropriations Committee is to consider Monday .
Yet with the smooth confirmation of Anthony Kennedy , an `` 80 percenter '' only slightly less supportive of judicial restraint than Mr. Bork , the Democrats may have won the battle but lost the war .
For that matter , perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency .
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .
Steelmakers have also been adding capacity of so-called electrogalvanized steel , which is another way to make coated corrosion-resistant steel .
They gleefully await the `` dream season '' in 1990 .
On the same basis , revenue rose to $ 2.7 billion from $ 2.2 billion .
The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures .
Investors such as Marvin Davis of Los Angeles who have sought airline ownership this year have insisted they , not the pilots , must have control .
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days .
Yesterday , American Medical said that the two other parties told the company that they do n't have any current intention of making a takeover bid .
Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % .
The fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that New York 's budgetary problems are more serious than had been expected .
On the mound , former Red Sox great Luis Tiant , the wily master of 1,001 moves , throws an off-speed strike .
It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding .
Underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc. set preliminary pricing for $ 144.4 million of California Health Facilities Financing Authority revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente .
The House bill also distorts economic efficiency in all sorts of perverse ways .
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities .
Chesebrough-Pond 's Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Faberge hair care accounts to J. Walter Thompson , New York .
Large pockets of poverty still exist .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says Mr. Harty , the Burger King operator in New York .
Before they let him go he added a thousand bureaucrats to the RDF in Tampa and renamed it Central Command .
And , for Ms. Baker , the ride was far from over .
Indeed , BellSouth 's cellular operations were among the first in the country to become profitable .
The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... . ''
On the one hand , Mr. Giuliani wants to cut into Mr. Dinkins 's credibility .
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets .
However , they said the company 's flat revenue was a disappointment , and an indication that sales of Polaroid 's new conventional film in the U.S. have been sluggish .
But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later .
They can cut this to $ 691.09 a month if the investing keeps up through college .
Until now , BNL 's top managers and its directors have been appointed by a Treasury decree .
Mr. Kasparov remarked later that `` even a weak club player '' would have avoided the queen move .
State-owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .
On Sept. 7 , I wrote on these pages about the killing and capturing of 10,000 Ethiopian soldiers by Eritrean and Tigrean guerrillas .
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities .
`` This is the first time , if we decide to do so , for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries , '' the spokesman said .
But Irving Kayton , a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case , said the fact that seven patents were infringed `` suggests that infringement was willful .
In the past five years , the company 's sales have grown to $ 80 million from $ 26 million .
But now the possibility of `` diplomatic movement '' ( Vietnam 's withdrawal , the Baker initiative ) has put that plan on hold , with the proviso that if the going got rough , the U.S. would then rearm the opposition .
The only frenzy I saw was commercial : Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items .
The savings was given incorrectly in Friday 's edition .
A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters ( decided in the Griswold case ) to abortion as well .
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Not even Jack Lemmon 's expert doddering makes this trip worth taking .
And the Treasury said residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period .
( True , a succession of Fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the Secretary of the Treasury belongs on the Fed .
`` And it 's relaxing .
Furthermore , it is also likely to encourage those on Capitol Hill asking for cuts in the assistance to El Salvador if President Cristiani does not bend to demands of the Marxist guerrillas .
Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped .
Lucas Industries PLC , a British maker of industrial parts and systems , reported a 28 % rise in pretax profit for the year to July 31 , helped in particular by a 32 % jump in operating profit at its aerospace division .
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates .
Two years later , he opened one in West Germany .
One was that , despite his 62 regular-season wins over the past three seasons in the Land Beyond the Late News , he has been overshadowed by his more-muscular mates and missed out on prizes that might have been his due .
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
The government said consumer prices rose only 0.2 % last month .
There also is concern that once Hong Kong reverts to China 's sovereignty in 1997 , Cathay will be forced to play second fiddle to China 's often-disparaged flag carrier , Civil Aviation Administration of China , or CAAC .
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill .
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan .
In the year-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share .
The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition .
Early this year Morgan and three other investment houses each received $ 25 million in advisory fees from Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts in its $ 25 billion friendly buy-out of RJR Nabisco .
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces .
SciMed said the appeals court remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings .
Where they lag behind the Japanese is in turning the scientific inventiveness into improved production .
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys .
`` We had just finished phase two '' of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock , a state DOT engineer said .
Marks declared an interim per-share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier .
Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories .
More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state .
Though the widely traded shares that are quoted in London account for only a small portion of those totals , they still are the most closely watched stocks and are often viewed as a barometer for the local markets generally .
In 1974 , as the U.S. representative to the United Nations , he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he boasted of his leadership during his term in Congress in expanding family-planning services for the poor .
In late trading , New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was off 1\/4 point at 98 bid .
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue .
If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding .
Daiwa House also ended easier , but Misawa Home was firmer .
And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open .
Qintex Australia also said it has an investment of A$ 83.3 million in Qintex Entertainment shares .
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains .
According to Richard P. Mills , a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner , 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year .
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is `` undeveloped . ''
`` Someone always makes you quit , '' says legendary St. Louis Cardinals centerfielder Curt Flood , the league 's commissioner .
Truckers are `` trying to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting , forget about market share and go for higher rates , '' said Michael Lloyd , an analyst at Salomon Bros .
Under terms of the pact , Ultimate , a computer-systems concern , will market the full line of HP 9000 series 800 multipleuser minicomputers .
While brand loyalty is far from dead , marketing experts say it has eroded during the 1980s .
So the potato crop , once 47 million tons , is down to 35 million .
Mr. Rosen is also pushing retail sales .
The average seven-day compound yield , which assumes that dividends are reinvested and that current rates continue for a year , fell to 8.47 % , its lowest since late last year , from 8.55 % the week before , according to Donoghue 's .
Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said .
However , Japanese authorities apparently were concerned that a refinancing also would attract too much publicity .
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter .
He defeated the contentious Mr. Koch in the Democratic primary partly because he seemed to offer hope he could heal the city 's racial and ethnic wounds .
As a first-time candidate , he has been slow to learn the nuances of New York City politicking .
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories .
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system .
As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines , the other car , which is white , slowly turns green .
QuesTech Inc. , Falls Church , Va. , also has acquired some companies outside the military market .
As part of his plea agreement with the government , the 44-year-old Mr. Craig faces a maximum of three years in prison .
`` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government-owned Societe Nationale d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as Seita .
To the rest of us , the case is a puzzle .
Sentiment was helped by the small gain made by New York stocks Wednesday despite anxiety over possible effects of the major earthquake that struck northern California Tuesday .
$ 2,057,750,000 .
Ed Voyles Olds recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old , so they get quicker service .
But Bogdan Gumkowski , who runs the casino at Warsaw 's Marriott Hotel , said the ventures would help Poland service its $ 39 billion foreign debt by pouring dollars into the state firms in the joint ventures -- the LOT airline and Orbis tourist organization .
But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades , test scores and `` supplemental points '' for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay .
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner .
The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an officer or director and closed with the admonition to Mr. Paul : `` Govern yourself accordingly . ''
He previously held similar responsibilities .
The centers comprise a total of about 1.6 million square feet of retail space .
The Pacific exchange has options for 129 underlying stock issues , including highly active Hilton Hotels Corp. , which is listed on the Big Board .
`` And you ca n't have taxpayers coming into an audit hearing ` oohs ' and ` ahs . ' ''
By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the House .
`` The issue is n't age -- age is just a number .
Sales in North America and the Far East were inflated by acquisitions , rising 62 % to # 278 million .
Mr. Nakamura cites the case of a customer who wants to build a giant tourism complex in Baja and has been trying for eight years to get around Mexican restrictions on foreign ownership of beachfront property .
The company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days .
He thinks Saab-Scania AB on Friday will announce the sale of 50 % of its car division to Ford ; the companies have been discussing closer cooperation for months .
Re-creating events has , in general , upset news traditionalists , including former CBS News President Richard S. Salant and former NBC News President Reuven Frank , former CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite and the new dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , Joan Konner .
`` The implication of an unsettled situation is that the thing could drop dramatically , '' says Henry Linsert Jr. , chairman of Martek Corp. , a four-year-old biotechnology company that is planning a private placement of stock .
According to industry executives , Peter Sutherland , a former European Community commissioner from Ireland , was also a serious contender for the American Express job .
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics .
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition .
Opinions vary about how important the UAL deal was to the market 's health , but analysts generally agree that the market gyrations created as the UAL plan crumbled revealed a fundamental change in investor psychology .
It said it would purchase the stock at market price .
Since its premiere Sept. 16 , the show on which Ms. Chung appears has used an actor to portray the Rev. Vernon Johns , a civil-rights leader , and one to play a teenage drug dealer .
In his first year of operating the store he bought for $ 220,000 , Mr. Ortiz was robbed at least twice at gunpoint .
In those areas , the role of NSC staffers under them therefore have become more important .
The results included a A$ 453.4 million write-off of future income-tax benefits and a provision for a loss of A$ 149.5 million on the sale of a stake of about 20 % in Lonrho PLC .
Among the expensive unknowns are stretches of elevated freeway in San Francisco that were closed because of quake-inflicted damage .
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
It is not quite true , for example , that the Mexican government has `` privatized '' Mexicana de Aviacion , as Mr. Ortiz claims .
And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups .
Until the building is completed , Exxon will rent part of an existing office tower .
MARKET MOVES , these managers do n't .
G.D. Searle & Co. , a Monsanto Co. unit , is launching a program to give consumers more information about its drugs when doctors prescribe them .
Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners .
Sweden 's National Audit Bureau releases its report confirming payment of about $ 40 million to unidentified Indians .
A bitter conflict with global implications has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan , two of the world 's most powerful financial companies .
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously , saying the plan would further swell its huge debt , which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year .
Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents and his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares .
The redemption price will be 109.66 % of the principal amount of the bonds , plus accrued interest to the date of redemption .
It involved the athletics director , two different football coaching staffs , and school trustees and governors -- just about everybody , it seemed , but Donald Shields , the university 's president .
One son sacrifices his own career so that his avaricious brother can succeed , while another helps support the family with money siphoned from crime .
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two-part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc .
More than half the people surveyed for the Employee Benefit Research Institute say they would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage .
These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it .
President Jose Sarney , who took office in 1985 when the man picked by an electoral college became critically ill , appears to be simply trying to avoid hyperinflation .
Warner said it will provide financing for the venture , but did n't disclose terms .
Continued investment in my 1984 subcompact has been part of my strategy ( Figure 5 ) , with present annual contributions now equaling more than 60 % of the car 's original value .
The old guard had every right , however , to disdain the newcomers ' new ways of making money , such as greenmail .
The company has stated in recently filed financial documents that it anticipates refinancing its March 1990 payments .
Shorted shares must eventually be replaced through buying .
In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest .
The same jealousy can breed confusion , however , in the absence of any authorization bill this year .
The neighborhood around Alexander Haagen Co. 's Vermont-Slauson Shopping Center in the Watts section of Los Angeles resembles the crime-ridden , deteriorating sections of many inner cities and certainly is n't the sort of area one would choose to visit .
Sometimes repairs are out of the question .
Larsen & Toubro started accepting applications for its giant issue earlier this month ; bankers and analysts expect it to be oversubscribed .
The threat came during a two-day celebration in Costa Rica to highlight Central America 's progress toward democracy in the region , attended by President Bush , Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders .
The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled , and free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade and some retail trade .
For the six months ended June 30 , it earned $ 3.1 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 2.4 million , or 41 cents a share , a year earlier .
`` I 'm now monitoring every major account . ''
It 's no secret that Block dominates the mass-market tax-preparation business .
In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design .
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .
The Fed already buys and sells foreign exchange to prevent disorderly conditions in foreign-exchange markets .
Kitchen full of broken crystal .
Mr. Horton , who oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts , died mysteriously in a plane crash in April after learning he might be fired following the uncovering of irregularities in a company audit .
`` But the Filipinos and the Americans , when I talk to them , there 's so much passion about Filipino manhood being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on .
The chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million , or 45 cents a share .
A non-invasive method is being researched by biophysicist Lynn Jelinski at the AT&T unit .
On a pretax basis , Itel 's third-quarter earnings of 30 cents a share were actually 7.14 % higher than the average of estimates .
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Time is expected to mount a legal challenge in U.S. District Court in New York , where Viacom in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit charging Time and HBO with monopolizing the pay-TV business and trying to crush competition from Showtime .
`` It 's not too surprising that the auction was sloppy , given the volatility in the bond market because of stocks , '' said Robert T. McGee , a senior vice president at Tokai Bank Ltd .
The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption .
Mr. Gross said he had hoped that a cost savings of $ 450 million would result in even greater growth than the 20 % annual earnings increase AT&T has told analysts it expects in the future .
( Jacksonville , Fla. ) -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief operating officer will resign from these positions and the board effective Oct. 31 .
Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was `` in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , '' Mr. Daly said in his affidavit .
Recently , Litigation Sciences helped Pennzoil Co. win a $ 10.5 billion jury verdict against Texaco Inc .
It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week .
An effusive landscape ?
Merc officials said Gary N. Roberts was disciplined following the exchange 's investigation of his trading in several commodities pits from July to November 1988 .
Warner was referring to documents filed last week in which Sony Corp. of America Vice Chairman Michael Schulof and Walter Yetnikoff , president of its CBS Records unit , said they had taken Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters at their word when the producers told them that getting out of the contract would be no problem because of a previous oral agreement .
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response .
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected .
I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .
In the nine months , net income fell 79 % to $ 31.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 149.3 million , or $ 1.82 a share , a year earlier .
The results were at the upper end of market expectations , which ranged from # 185 million to # 188 million .
To an unusual degree , the massive bill has become a vehicle for lawmakers to earmark funds for projects in home states .
Mr. Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group .
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence .
Chrysler Corp. scheduled overtime this week at its St. Louis Assembly Plant No. 2 , Newark , Del. , and Sterling Heights , Mich. , assembly plants .
Beyond removing a competitor , the combination should provide `` synergies , '' said Fred Harlow , Unilab 's chief financial officer .
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners .
Shearson says it has taped some of its institutional trading desks , such as commodities and futures , for about four years .
